Shakespeare's Hamlet Act 2 Scene 2 (295-310) PLEASE HELP!!!!!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Taylorrrr ; Taylorrrr ;
asked in
Arts & Humanities Books & Authors
·
10 years ago Shakespeare's Hamlet Act 2 Scene 2 (295-310) PLEASE HELP!!!!!? I have of late-but wherefore
I know not-lost all my mirth, forgone all custom of
exercises; and indeed it goes so heavily with my
disposition that this goodly frame, the earth, seems to
me a sterile promontory this most excellent canopy,
the air, look you, this brave o’erhanging firmament,
this majestical roof fretted with golden fire, why, it appears
no other thing to me than a foul and pestilent
congregation of vapours. What a piece of work is a man! how noble in reason! How infinite in faculty!
in form and moving how express and admirable!
in action how like an angel! in apprehension how like a god! the beauty of the world! the paragon of animals! And yet, to me, what is the quintessence of dust?
man delights not me: no, nor woman neither, though
by your smiling you seem to say so. ^ How does this scene reveal Hamlet's inner thoughts and feelings? Thank you !!! Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Ray Eston Smith Jr Lv
6 10 years ago Favorite Answer Hamlet had made this promise to his father: from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, That youth and observation copied there; And thy commandment all alone shall live Within the book and volume of my brain, In effect, he had erased himself (the student who just wanted to return to Wittenberg) from his own brain and written his warlike father in his place. That was being untrue to himself. He let "himself from himself be taken away," although he didn't realize that until the last act. Thereafter all of Hamlet's soliloquys are really debates between the warring halves of Hamlet's divided soul: the humanist scholar from Wittenberg vs Prince Hamlet, loyal son and heir to a warlike king. When Hamlet admits that he doesn't know why he's lost all his mirth. It's not just the loss of his father - Hamlet is well aware of that loss. It's the loss of himself - which Hamlet does not realize until the last act when he says "Hamlet was from himself taken away." Then Hamlet begins a sort of dialogue between Hamlet the humanist scholar and Hamlet the soldier-son of a warlike king: Hamlet the humanist: "this goodly frame, the earth," Hamlet the heir to his father's bloody values: "seems to me a sterile promontory" Hamlet the humanist: "this most excellent canopy, the air, look you, this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire" Hamlet the heir to his father's bloody values: . . . it appears no other thing to me than a foul and pestilent congregation of vapours. Hamlet the humanist: What a piece of work is a man! how noble in reason! how infinite in faculty! in form and moving how express and admirable! in action how like an angel! in apprehension how like a god! the beauty of the world! the paragon of animals! Hamlet the heir to his father's bloody values: And yet, to me, what is this quintessence of dust? man delights not me: Source(s):
http://www.thyorisons.com/
Be All My Sins Remembered - Essays on Hamlet
Essays on motifs, symbolism, & themes in Hamlet. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post benisek Lv
4 4 years ago Hamlet Act Two Scene Two Source(s):
https://shorte.im/a8Ui5 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago I just watched the play on TV 2-days ago..I believe it was Sir Lawrence Olivier... ..it was so facinating-- But your QUOTE..has me lost.. === Just reading it--not really seeing Hamlet..its a conscience..speaking.. It seems that Hamlet..brings forward..a majestic lifestyle.. === Hope that means something..because the play was amazing. Source(s):
I might have missed the opening acts. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post maclachlan Lv
4 4 years ago particular I do. often times i think of that people's solutions have lost the plot on the same time as others are crammed with venom and bitterness. i think such as you for all time, yet bear hassle as a stable soldier hoping that issues will substitute and that they've i think more suitable slightly recently. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the best book in your own collection at home? 20 answers Do you think the book "Journey to the Centre of the Earth" could be based on, at least, some truth? Could there really be a lost world down? 9 answers Why have Stephen King books become so expensive? I want to buy The Shining and Salem's lot but they are £10 - £12 for PAPERBACK. Why? 7 answers If a girl gets beaten in High School by other girls and she sues them ,then they get punished ,do you think they will send other people? 8 answers What’s some british phrases for my book character? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Any recoemndations? Blacks need Whites .You cannot run a Government.? I need to meet a bolly actor for 15 minutes alone for some converse..is there any method to book appointment in cheap? Why have Stephen King books become so expensive? I want to buy The Shining and Salem's lot but they are £10 - £12 for PAPERBACK. Why? Self publishing vs Traditional publishing? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites