Question about Gesso priming a canvas? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Endless Wonder Lv
4 Endless Wonder
asked in
Arts & Humanities Visual Arts Painting
·
7 years ago Question about Gesso priming a canvas? Ok, first off im very new to painting.
so in EVERY video of painting tutorials that i watch every single person says to gesso prime your canvas and to start painting before the gesso dries... But all the canvas that i buy say gesso primed but obiously the canvas are all dry but they say gesso primed. So am i still supposed to prime the canvas even though it says it already is?? Or am i good to go?? Thanks for any help! :) Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance A&D U.S. Lv
5 7 years ago Favorite Answer Whoa!!! You do *not* start painting before the gesso dries. Yes, most pre-packaged canvases are already gessoed. You do *not* have to re-gesso. However, if you are buying a pre-packaged canvas, the gesso might be on the thin side or of a poor quality. What may happen with a pre-gessoed (inexpensive) canvas is that your paints may get absorbed too much. You may get "sunken-in" lusterless flat spots (which can be corrected later with varnish). And than there's the issue of using a good quality acrylic gesso like Golden Paints or Liquitex. For the beginner that gets expensive, fast. Try a pre-gessoed canvas without re-gessoing and see how it works out. In college-level classes one is required to re-gresso. One might be required to mix in a very little bit of burnt umber and or ochre color to "kill" the intimidating white of the canvas. I strongly recommend that you take a class to get the basics and work with others. Artist and Designer, U.S. EDIT: I'm delighted when my successful professional artist friends do videos to share their knowledge with others. In this day of social media, it's rare that an artist can remain cloistered; the world has significantly changed. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mik Lv
6 7 years ago anyone who tells you to paint while the gesso is still wet is an idiot beyond belief. THE WHOLE POINT of priming a canvas is to seal and create a uniform surface UPON which to paint. i think maybe you misinterpreted the video. a really good artist doesn't waste his time doing tutorials...he's
probably a below average > intermediate artist who can't sell. go join a decent art forum. 1 0 0 Endless Wonder Lv
4 7 years ago Report thank you very much for your information. i probably did remember it wrong then. :) but did you ever think that maybe i dont have the money at the time for school probably because her parents cant afford it because they are trying to buy a house--- Login to reply the answers Post Kathy Lv
4 7 years ago No. If it says gesso primed, it has gesso on it already and is good to go 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post John Lv
6 7 years ago As an artist I agree with Mik and A&D. Their information is solid. Maybe you misunderstood the tutorial. He may have been referring to Liquid White...a medium for artists who paint wet on wet. This medium is slow drying and gives you about 3 plus hours working time. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in BeeezKneeez Lv
7 7 years ago Buy it pre-primed and you are good to go. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post glcang Lv
7 7 years ago You are good to go after you buy it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Any films that are inspired by a traditional art style or painting/comic etc? 5 answers ingrid has $30 to buy oil painting class. each tube of paint costs $9.how many tubes can she buy ? do not include units? 7 answers What is the primary tool you use to observe and manipulate files on a computer? 4 answers How to sell artwork and everything else about it? 4 answers What color frame will look good for a picture with lots of color? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How was Vermeer an expert in creating form from light? What's a very good lamp for someone who paints acrylic paintings that are 4 feet by 6 feet and smaller? How do incorporate all three artists? Do I need permission to make colored versions of artwork? Are you a good painter? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites