What percentage of misery do you think is self-inflicted? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products canron4peace Lv
6 canron4peace
asked in
Arts & Humanities Philosophy
·
6 years ago What percentage of misery do you think is self-inflicted? For example there are poor people who are happy with their conditions and there are well off people who are in misery because of slight decreases in their comforts. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 6 years ago Favorite Answer Very significant question ......if you were to analyze your own misery , go into the depth of it , you will realize most of misery is self inflicted, not people, conditions, circumstances but our response to them is the source of happiness or unhappiness . Yes you are accurate in your observation about poor and the rich . 1 1 0 canron4peace Lv
6 6 years ago Report I agree, even if much of of the apparent infliction is from others how I make myself react, how I program myself, ultimately is of my doing.
Even my not-doing is my doing. I will continue with additional questions on this topic. Login to reply the answers Post Under Siege Lv
7 6 years ago I think any long term misery has strongly to do with perception like you suggest. People handle situations in vastly different ways based on how they choose to view them. If you can find a meaning behind something that has happened to you, you're more likely to move on and be motivated rather than to stew in the past. I think bad things happen but the worst thing is to never let it go. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Prasad Lv
7 6 years ago Causa est omnibus in Latin means 'there is a reason for everything. Similar meaning is given by the phrases "as you sow so shall you reap", "what goes around comes around", and "sow the wind; reap the whirlwind". http://www.phrases.org.uk/bulletin_board/30/messag... Leucippus, the founder of the atomic theory, declared in his only surviving statement, "Nothing occurs at random, but everything happens for a reason and by necessity". It is known as Leucippus’ principle of causality. http://www.answers.com/topic/democritus http://www.one-mind-one-energy.com/energy.html http://www.one-mind-one-energy.com/connected.html http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-string-theory.htm Unification Theory:
The "Unification Theory" is built on the fundamental knowledge of physics, the oneness and interrelationship and nature: ecologically, individually and the whole world. The knowledge of this system and its dynamic capacity to survive, grow and transform in relation to the other dynamic systems is most profound. The theory encompasses all living and non-living systems that exist, which parallels the particle and wave duality and its coexistence within the whole universal system of operation. Countless mathematicians, physicists, philosophers and religious thinkers have attempted throughout the ages to find the one thing that can tie all things together. http://www.starstuffs.com/physcon/science.html http://www.greenoptimistic.com/2013/05/08/connecte... The blind appear to be handicapped. But Almighty gives them some extra sensitivity in some other perception organ like ear or touch. Have you not observed this? The poor live close to nature and enjoy all that is part of it. Their minds breed on what is natural and less on what is artificial. They are probably the nature's ideal for what is living.
Property separates people and poverty joins people. People of poverty enjoy more close personal relationships which are highly heartening. Their mutual understanding as a group is incomparable. It is we who are poor in such relationships. http://www.getrichslowly.org/blog/2011/11/01/what-... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Shyamananda 6 years ago These people are not the cause of my happiness and distress. Neither are the demigods, my own body, the planets, my past work, or time. Rather, it is the mind alone that causes happiness and distress and perpetuates the rotation of material life. 1 0 0 canron4peace Lv
6 6 years ago Report Depends on your definition of the word mind. Emotional intensity is the key and once it coats the memory cluster it is eternal. Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in thegreatone Lv
7 6 years ago The vast majority of people would say that 100 percent is self inflicted. In reality, half of it is inflicted by others, and half of it is how we deal with that infliction. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Happy Hiram Lv
7 6 years ago There are different words for this. Pain, Suffering, Misery, Agony, Abuse. Pain is real and not generally self-inflicted. Suffering is effectively a choice. Misery is the effect of pain or the effect of suffering, so it is fifty-fifty. So it depends on how you use the word. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How can something be 'about' something else? 7 answers What are good changes you experiencing due lockdown? 9 answers Are you good or bad? 18 answers Do you feel trapped by the conditions of society? 8 answers Do flowers feel distress while being eaten by insects? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can people die from laughter? If you're not sure someone's telling you the truth, do you think over contemplating on what they say is a slur or distraction to your mind? what about those rich people out jogging or riding european racing bicycles in upper class neighborhoods? How can something be 'about' something else? A new poll shows profound disagreements between younger and older Americans on racial issues ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites