Which is better an equalizer or a noise suppressor to removing humming sound? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Arts & Humanities Performing Arts
·
7 years ago Which is better an equalizer or a noise suppressor to removing humming sound? I know that there is no way in removing 100% of the humming sound from single coil pickups but I just want to at least get rid of a good amount of the humming that my single coil pickups produce so I can play a little bit of hard rock and heavy metal music. I don't want to change my pickups because I like them. Eventually I'm going to get a guitar with humbucks but I just use something just for temporally. I'm also aware that they could suck tone too. Update : And I also mean noise suppressor pedal Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Russell E Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Ah...I finally can give a good answer to this common question.
I talked to a guitar technician last weekend and asked him this because I see it so often asked here. I've tried an equalizer myself and it is useless (I've played Strats for 35 years)
all you do is muffle the guitar tone, so that 's out for sure. There are two "noise" stompboxes. the Noise Gate and the Noise Supressor. A noise gate is for stopping feedback and squeal when a guy is using a lot of effects and overdrive and high gain and volume and such.
Metal guys will eften have this problem when they have a pause in their playing. The noise gate is set to a threshold level and once the guitar stops putting out a certain level of output, it cuts off all signal to the amp, and starts back as soon as it detects
a strummed note. The Noise Suppressor is what the tech told me will get rid of most of the hum, and he "said" it doesn't affect the tone of the guitar.
I have no actual proof of this of course, but that's what I was told. I have always just tried to have good grounding, not plugged into a power strip with another person using it, and quick spin up and spin off of the volume pot of my Strat with the side of my right hand pinky to stop the hum when not playing. When you play, it's not really noticeable unless you have really bad hum from a poor ground. He also told me that marrying your effects boxes better can reduce added hum. Certain boxes, he told me , don't mix together well. And certain brands are noisier than others.
I've always avoided overdrive and distortion pedals for that very reason and stuck to a cry baby and phaser.
Adding distortion boxes first also reduces added hum by not amplifying the noise given out by your other effects. If you put it last it amplifies every other hiss and hum put out by the other boxes.
I too, love the Strat because the tone is much cleaner when you use high distortion. I tried out
a lot of guitars last weekend as well, and using the same amp and settings, I found the Strat was "metal" but clean. Guitars with humbuckers had minimal distortion increase, but much more extraneous noise when doing chords or riffs that involved pull offs. EMG's were awful.
The added gain (again, minimal) was no benefit because the guitar made so much other dirty aftereffect noise. Anyway, that 's what I discovered doing research for the people on here, since I played strats for so long I wanted to see what EMGs were all about and how ESPs and Jacksons and Ibanezes and such played. I still love the Strat best. For me most others just play like crap.
SG's and Les Pauls are good, but Ibanez and many others have frets that are way to bumpy for me. Source(s):
44 yrs rock guitarist/former pro musician 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Danny Lv
7 7 years ago Hi, Steve. Once again Russ has handed us the "book", so read it.
Woven into this is the possibility that you have too much going on, too many pedals, too many effects, too much gain without enough control, and even some bad patch cords or instrument cables. Kind of the old Chinese torture of the "death of a thousand cuts". The old Indianapolis motto for a winning race car was "Simplify and add lightness".
Way back to the bone, with a vintage 'Strat jacked into a Fender Dual Showman amp pretty well maxed up, resting a hand across the strings can keep things quiet enough. No fair to blame single-coils. Personally, I like a little power hum, like a 5.0 Mustang idling at a stop sign, ready to kick butt. More "recently", I got to the point where, using a stereo stage rig with two amps, three speaker cabs, and a half-dozen pedal effects (cover band, so 'serious on sound variety), the buzz and hiss was always my bad. Along with hand-muting, or zipping the guitar gain down, just stepping on a pedal or two to knock it out could work well. Most of the time, the temporary active arrangement was just for the song just completed, and sticking an A-B pedal switch in there was fine, "B" going to a tuner, while I quietly killed some effects. Did try a noise gate, once. Absolutely sucked. The fraction of a second it took to "release" a new note was a "latency" that was like walking in mud. Maybe they're better now. But no need to go there. Source(s):
Playing, humming, screeching, buzzing, squealing, popping, clacking,
and tripping over cables since '64. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post stratm663 Lv
7 7 years ago i spent the money on noiseless pick ups. worth it.... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm a failed bass player what can I do ? 6 answers Why is Chuck Norris overrated? 4 answers What would you think if I sang out of tune? 7 answers Quitting Art? ? 4 answers Can I learn guitar in a year? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Quitting Art? ? How difficult is GCSE dance and is it time consuming? Why is Chuck Norris overrated? Apples or pears? I'm a failed bass player what can I do ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites