Can I use any canvas for oil paint? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products EsplodingKitty EsplodingKitty
asked in
Arts & Humanities Visual Arts Painting
·
7 years ago Can I use any canvas for oil paint? Can I use any kind of canvas for an oil painting? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance dolphin Lv
5 7 years ago Favorite Answer You can paint on just about anything you like.
The only problem with oil paint is that is does not actually "dry", it oxidizes. If it is allowed to seep into materials, this process can cause damage. For example, with canvas, it can seep in and gradually rot the canvas.
In the old days, they used to paint the canvas with "sizing", or rabbit glue. Now, we use acrylic polymers (plastics) and this we call gesso.
This seals the canvas so the oil cannot seep through.
Now, of you do not care how long your painting will last (i.e just experimenting), then you can paint with oil and not care about treating the "ground", or painting surface.
If you do care, then you should seal it with glue, or modern gesso.
Paint lasts a long time, but grounds tend to deteriorate, especially canvas, so some painters paint on treated wood (best), treated processed woods (fine), treated cardboards or papers (still better lasting than canvas.
Myself, I think nothing of breaking rules. I have painted several paintings with oil right on paper. Just because people say you cannot. It works just fine, although at first the oil soaks into the paper, but after awhile, it oxidises nicely, and looks just fine. I am looking forward to seeing how long its lasts....likely longer than I want to keep them.
Proper practice is to seal the ground with gesso, and then paint. You can put oil over acrylic, but not vice-versa because the oil needs contact with air to oxidise. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post John T 7 years ago One can use cardboard with a gesso surface if one wants...it will work but won't last long and the surface will be ribbed and not smooth...as a student I used it for student work because I knew my art as a student wouldn't be the best.
A beginner might use cotton duck but look for the cheapest and the weave that has many fine holes in it or a 'ruff weave' because the price will be less, whereas a more experienced artist would want a very clean smooth surface without any imperfections such as holes or a loose weave so they would go for a more expensive and dense weave of cotton duck or linen.
Point is that one can use almost any surface, cardboard, wood, or cotton canvas as a painting surface it all depends on what your looking for as far as the lasting power and the texture for the painting surface your going to have after the canvas is built.
If your new I would suggest that you try a cheaper cotton duck which after gessoing which gives you the white painting surface well a cheaper cloth may be adequate for your needs.
Afterall a new painter may want to save their artwork but at the same time they know they most likely aren't going to produce a masterpiece in their beginning years.
I hope this helps, I'd suggest if you beginning: try a wide variety of canvas surfaces, wood is good as well as cardboard (because you can paint large areas without my cost) or an inexpensive cotton duck which you can put on a stretcher and prime with gesso yourself.
Ask around, see what other artist you know are doing at your level of work and above all experiment with different types now before you get set in doing it one way.
Good Luck and Above all Believe in Yourself and Your Work, one never knows to whom it will be of value. Source(s):
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts 1975 ; Mary Baldwin College BA in Fine Art and Education 1992 and I've been painting for the last forty years. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post andra2037 7 years ago Cotton and linen are your best bets for oil painting! Just make sure you look to see if you purchased canvas that is primed- if it's not make sure to do that before you start painting! It's easier to just buy a primed canvas, but it's more expensive. This is a good guide to treating the canvas yourself! http://www.artistdaily.com/blogs/beginnersoil/arch... Good luck! :) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Benjamin G Lv
4 7 years ago Paul Gaughin ,desperate for supplies used burlap potato sacks , primed of course with gesso. Whatever canvas , It has to be primed because the oils will deteriorate the fibers of canvas over time. Source(s):
commonly known 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Any films that are inspired by a traditional art style or painting/comic etc? 5 answers ingrid has $30 to buy oil painting class. each tube of paint costs $9.how many tubes can she buy ? do not include units? 7 answers What is the primary tool you use to observe and manipulate files on a computer? 4 answers How to sell artwork and everything else about it? 4 answers What color frame will look good for a picture with lots of color? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do I need permission to make colored versions of artwork? Are you a good painter? How do incorporate all three artists? What are examples of meals that the artist Leonardo Da Vinci probably used to eat for lunch or dinner? How do I use Pablo Picasso, Andy Warhol, Al Hirschfeld and Paul Cadmus as inspiration for my artwork? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites