Would you please comment on my attempt at Spensarian Sonnet? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Arts & Humanities Poetry
·
1 decade ago Would you please comment on my attempt at Spensarian Sonnet? The Spring Soiree Melodic music afloat in the new air With fragrant honeysuckles’ gentle embrace The spring, a day of rebirth, winter’s heir A graceful swallow whispers glee with grace She offers feast of season, Mother Earth The palette hugs euphoric land and trees An iris, jasmine, lily full of mirth Sing songbirds recollect a jubilee Spring crowned favourite, hold the Mother Earth? Shall summer, autumn, winter covet, fret? Nay, GaEa’s wisdom even ’mongst rebirths Treasured creations perfect seeds beget Let’s host a last bountiful Leif soiree Indulge the very vernal furtive disarray Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Hypocorism Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer This Shakespearean or Elizabethan sonnet is remarkable for the contrast of its vivid joy with which the birth of spring is welcomed, against the softly expressed but intense regrets for its passing, and the generative cycle of the year.
Strikingly, it is these reservations which capstone the sonnet in its couplet, for a `bountiful... soirée' if anything looks forward to autumn's harvest season, evoking Keats's ode as well.
Each stanza points to memory: the first in `winter's heir,' the second in the `recollect[ion]' of a [jubilee], and the third in the most direct terms of all.
`Leif' too in the couplet (my fancy tells me this is meant in the Icelandic sense of `heir') looks back to winter, forward to the next spring, and up to the first stanza.
In this sense the poem finds no conclusion, nor solace, but only palliative celebration in the rotation of time.
(A Spenserian sonnet is normally considered to have the following rhyme scheme: abab/bcbc/cdcd/ee.) As in a previous poem, I feel I am unaccustomed to your phrasal style of composition, and the fashion in which you choose to modulate punctuation.
To my own old-fashioned aesthetic, this poem would be clearer if sentences were more directly delineated, even if there is a well-established tradition, now, in rendering each line or groups of lines as elements of a gestalt amalgamation.
Please forgive me for the following, if I attempt to understand the poem by modulating these connective structures more fully, and also straighten a few metrical irregularities, which, in any form, may be justified, but in my not fully considered feeling are not entirely done so here: The music melodies in new soft air Round fragrant honeysuckles do embrace; And here is Spring reborn as Winter's heir, That grateful swallows whisper glees with grace. The season's feast is sprung by Mother Earth! Her palette hugs euphoric lands and trees: An iris, jasmine, lily full of mirth, With sing-song birds recall past jubilees. O, soft Spring's favourite-- wilt stay Mother Earth? Shall Summer, Autumn, Winter covet, fret? Nay, GaEa's wisdom, though amongst rebirths, By treasured creatures, perfect seeds beget. Let us then host a bounteous Leif soirée To lavish out the vernal disarray. 0 6 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Em, you've received excellent advice from my poetic colleague.
For the Spenserian sonnet, write in iambic feet, five stresses per line just as in the sonnets of Shakespeare, and use the rhyme scheme he has related.
In terms of the logical structuring, you are allowed a larger latitude of freedom than in the full-fledged Elizabethan sonnet, but the progression of thought must still be well-phrased.
If you wish to rewrite this at some point, I would keep these guidelines in mind, along with careful attention to your poem's rhythm and meter (which as you know are not the same thing).
Small deviations in rhythm which are placed for a reason rather than accidentally are a sure sign of the poet's development, but too much deviation from the central pattern makes those deviations meaningless.
'Tis all a matter of proportion my lady.
Your diction, as always, is splendid. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago k, I really like it . Two mistakes I found though.
First of all its Gaea no GaEa and Jubilee and trees don't ryhme cause there is not s on jubilee, I think its a very fine piece of art 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♪♫NancyLiz ® ♫♪ ™ Lv
7 1 decade ago As a person who does not put much credence in meter being the mark of good poems I am venturing out of my depths... rhythm and meter aren't the same thing. One needs to concentrate on duh DUh duh Duh instead of just letting words pour out.
If you can get the syllable count to remain steady and then get that duh Duh thing installed, you will be so much closer to the creature you are attempting to capture and tame. Small deviations in rhythm which are placed for a reason rather than accidentally are welcome additions, but they should be there for growth not to squelch. Secondly imho a poem should attract your reader, it should sing to them and if it does not you have written for your own self and no other..
You have come a fair distance from the person who told me that they could not write, good for you.
Now I will not offer any more advice as I know when I have said enough. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What rhymes with "trumps wet dream?"? 4 answers what do you think of this poem? 4 answers A DEEP SILENCE......? 4 answers How do you write down your thoughts and your feelings? 6 answers What is the most inspirational poem you have ever read? ? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What rhymes with " rust belt full moon"? Poetry: How to make this phrase iambic pentameter "the FIRE is SPREADing ALL aROUND."... ROUND ? What has the narrator done or not done? In the poem of charity.? Poetry: How to make this phrase iambic pentameter "the FIRE is SPREADing ALL aROUND."...? THE DARK FIRE...... what about the poem? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites