Who's canvas are you? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Temari Lv
6 Temari
asked in
Arts & Humanities Philosophy
·
1 decade ago Who's canvas are you? Update : JackS... You're killing me...lol... Jellz... stop playing with the words... *smile* Dora... Thank you... xoxo!! Update 2 : *** I liked soooo many of these answers....*** Answer Save 15 Answers Relevance King of Biscuits Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer "The Canvas" As she lie in her bed Inspirationed graced her with a vision In this vision was a medley of art This art could not be painted It could not be written, told, sculpted, or photographed She walked with this vision for years Trying to find a way to share it with others Until one day sh efound him Upon their first words She found the artform she was looking for This form of art was to be lived As she stood as the poet, painter, sculptor, and conductor He simply stood as her canvas Source(s):
Need I say more? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Millie Lv
5 1 decade ago Thanks for the question. I haven't thought of it like that. A mat? Never! But a canvas? Yes! I love art, and I am an artist. So I take this question in the most serious way. My family makes memories on me everyday. Yahoo Avatars, and everyone I come in contact leaves memories with me. Wow! I am a beautiful painting. I must be an abstract! A favorite of mine. I think I am ready to be hung in a very nice art gallery. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago This canvas is far too fine to be owned.
It can belong only to the world. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The Tattooist? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago I'm always subtrahend,strong, Rotating alone in a metaphor
In other's eyes. But in yours I divide Into one third surprise, one third passion And only one third pride. I'm yours, I would be your canvas if you told me so. I would let you paint me white With the palm of your hand, And with your kiss' luscious wine I would let you paint me red Day after day with your brush fine: Your love, your acceptance and your scent. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post *Jellz* Lv
6 1 decade ago This is not an easel question to answer. A real poser. I have to draw on all my resources to respond.
I th-ink however, given the bigger picture, it does paints me to say...."no-one's". My he-art says it is so. It's a relief, to express it, though it might not be a paletteable answer. Source(s):
Just chalk it up to experience. (thanks for the kick start Jeff) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jeff
Jacob Lourie Lv
6 1 decade ago I thought I was God's canvas when He gave me the brush. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post amit k 1 decade ago Who's canvas... canvas..of my...own dream.. my own effort my own desire.. finally of my unconsciousness mind 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Blood Makes Noise Lv
6 1 decade ago Yes, we are all beautiful works of art aren't we? What a lovely sentiment. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I am the canvas of my ideals. A real slave of my beloved. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (5) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does Free will actually exist? 14 answers All of reality, including space, time, causality, and math, was set into motion by something way above us? 8 answers How can something be 'about' something else? 8 answers What are good changes you experiencing due lockdown? 11 answers Are you good or bad? 18 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions We have all experienced moments of unexplainable connectedness, or quiet synchronicity.  What do you take from them? ? How can & do we lose purpose while doing philosophy? Why are celebrities who kill themselves so ungrateful? Is there a reason why I am not dead already? How do you interpret this saying "After I show you the far edge of the left then comes balance"? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites