What do you not take kindly to? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Temari Lv
6 Temari
asked in
Arts & Humanities Philosophy
·
1 decade ago What do you not take kindly to? Answer Save 27 Answers Relevance Psyengine Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer sensory distortion -- withdrawal
impulsivity -- compulsion
ruthlessness -- inhibition
narrow virtuosity -- inertia
fanaticism -- repudiation
promiscuity -- exclusivity
overextension -- rejectivity
presumption -- despair Source(s):
http://webspace.ship.edu/cgboer/erikson.html 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Diane B Lv
6 1 decade ago There are several things I do not take kindly to 1.
Being called something other than by my name 2.
Lying 3.
Gossip 4.
Mud slinging during elections 5.
Cheating 6.
Judgmental people 7.
Racisim 8. And people who don't know how to apologize just to name a few 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post monkeypug2000 Lv
6 1 decade ago Lies. Lies are the center of all things that lead to desctruction and misery. Lies lead to hurting others, then yourself. You can not undo a lie , you can not change a lie. It will have you labled as a liar and the respect other people have for you will dwindle then fade altogether. Lies are hard to remember but easy to tell. A lie is the same as stabbing someone through the heart in a subconscious sense. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post robert s Lv
5 1 decade ago Ignorance in all forms. I feel that if everyone was afforded
the same education as you or I, then they should take advantage of it. And not try to rationalize
their way out of it and act the buffoon because they did not pay attention while in school. I find ignorance a real detriment to our society.Nay, our civilization. I am also in agreement with King of Biscuits I find the liar and a thief as offensive as I do ignorance. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in vitraux Lv
6 1 decade ago Disrespect 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post oxox 1 decade ago People who talk loudly when you're sitting right next to them... People who get in your face when trying to have a conversation. People who refuse to respect my personal space and get too close. My Shih Tzu who refuses to acknowledge any of his training. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Danny Lv
5 1 decade ago People who don't pull their own weight when there is a job to be done. I will try to do more than my share, but I expect others to at least do their best. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Me 1 decade ago People who bring their three-month old kid to a movie and let it cry thoughout the whole film.
If you can't find a babysitter, stay home!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Momma Lv
4 1 decade ago The neighbors dog digging a hole under my privacy fence Everyday!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago gosh loads of things. but the worst is being lied to, cheated on and when someone puts the phone down on me. that drives me insane. lol 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (17) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How can something be 'about' something else? 7 answers What are good changes you experiencing due lockdown? 9 answers Are you good or bad? 18 answers Do you feel trapped by the conditions of society? 8 answers Do flowers feel distress while being eaten by insects? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions A new poll shows profound disagreements between younger and older Americans on racial issues ? what's the point of life? what about those rich people out jogging or riding european racing bicycles in upper class neighborhoods? All of reality, including space, time, causality, and math, was set into motion by something way above us? Can the rapists just throw me off the balcony and put me out of my misery? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites