Were the Croatians the true winners of the Balkan Wars? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Arts & Humanities History
·
10 years ago Were the Croatians the true winners of the Balkan Wars? and what about the Serbs? My friend said that the US attacks against them (i.e. the double bombing of a passenger train) was God's retribution for evil. He also said that Serbians didn't like to work, only war, etc..... Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance joe t Lv
5 10 years ago Favorite Answer Tragically there were no real winners in that war from a humanitarian stand point and all ethnic sides in that conflict suffered dearly.
The only real looser from a political point of view was the state of Yugoslavia, before the break up the countries ethnic divisions were downplayed and radical nationalism within each group was not tolerated. Yugoslavia was in a unique position in the cold war because it was a Communist state but benefited from stronger relations then the rest of the eastern Counties such as East Germany, Hungary and Poland. The Croatians, Serbians, Montenegrins, Macedonians, Albanians, Slovenians, Bosnians and Serbians, (there were other smaller ethnic groups too) Lived all as Yugoslavs for the most part in a secular Communist society. The JNA (Yugoslav national army) was a multi ethnic force comprising of Croatians, Serbians, Montenegrins, Macedonians, Albanians, Slovenians, Bosnians and Serbians.
Unfortunately though because of what happened in world war 2 and before there were still tension especially for those in the older generations that remembered the horrors and crimes. These tensions are what partially helped to break up Yugoslavia. Each country and ethnic group in the region especially the Croatians, Slovenians, Macedonians Bosnians
will feel some what victorious because they became countries. They were able to leave Yugoslavia but this is from a national, political standpoint. You need to understand that
all of these people lived close together, some as neighbors other married outside of their couture, Serbian married Croatian, Bosnian married Slovenian. Some of these close neighbors and friends ended up killing each other.
The break up of Yugoslavia. was and still is very emotional, the history and the civil wae
is why the different groups feel the way thy do about each other.
Tragically it is hard to hold opinions and share thoughts with those that have and had a personal stake in the war or have family that lived through it. My best suggestion is to listen, Wars especially civil ones can bring out nasty emotions and feelings that others may not understand and to be judgmental to all sides will only put you on the outside.
The most important thing you can do is take some time to read up about the subject and try to be as objective about it as you can. understand the emotion but dont get involved with the argument. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dai 10 years ago Your friend is an idiot.
You cannot tar a whole people with the same brush and there were perpetrators of evil on all sides during the Balkan wars. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions the "Federal Reserve Bank" is nothing more than a global banking cartel? why nobody cares that "somebody in the USA" owes 25 Trillion to it? 12 answers Where does George Clinton rank among the best presidents in history? 23 answers Were the crusader wars (1096-1271) bad or good? 20 answers are these protesters in britain trying to overturn our way of life, history and heritage? 74 answers What should be done to make the whites recompense for their crimes against the Native American nation? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions what happened to Europe? What were the 60s like? is this the truth about the stock market? if so, why does anyone take it seriously? Who was Henry the 7ths son?  torture was once used to keep the rabble in line and it was the brick of civilization. Why did the chicken cross the road? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites