What's the controversy in this philosophical question? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Avery Avery
asked in
Arts & Humanities Philosophy
·
6 years ago What's the controversy in this philosophical question? 'Is liberty an illusion?' Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance nameless Lv
7 6 years ago Favorite Answer What's the controversy in this philosophical question? 'Is liberty an illusion?'
~~~ If, by 'controversy' we mean a failure to clearly understand the terms, thus inciting 'arguments/controversy'. There are many questions in the terminology that need resolution before the question itself can be addressed; What is 'liberty', exactly, and to/for 'whom', exactly, does it apply? When you say 'me', again there is a 'duality', bifurcation... Who and what, exactly, is this 'me'? Now we come to "illusion"! What, exactly, is an illusion? Where, exactly, is the boundary line between 'illusion' and whatever else you have on the buffet? Reality? Oh the murky waters of your question... Funny, though, as we define our terms, clearly, the question becomes so finely tuned, so trimmed down, that all that's left is the answer! *__- THAT is what philosophy is! 1 0 0 nameless Lv
7 6 years ago Report You're welcome. *__- Login to reply the answers Post Ms.Charlie Lv
7 6 years ago Because an illusion is some thing that never was, it is some sort of trick or a way of make believing that something is. and it isn't concrete.
An Illusion is some thing fleeting! Here one moment and gone the next moment. It has to be hung on to because you never know when the illusion crumbles. Liberty is something
that is possible, it is some thing that is worthwhile, It is possible and even probably at times. Liberty isn't always perfect or available to all people.
But, it is worth fighting for. Many people have sacrificed their lives for others so that liberty is for future generations. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Richard 6 years ago Liberty is an abstract concept until you are willing to share it. Like "Love" or "Freedom." Some of the most important things to man that you will every experience could be considered abstract or an illusion.
If two or more people believe in this illusuion than it becomes real and concrete! 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Happy Hiram Lv
7 6 years ago The controversy is that you are not supposed to know that your civil liberties are gone, that the fifth estate (TV and the Internet) have been sovietized and are serving pablum, that democracy is no longer a part of the American dream.
It is controversial because you know it. But the powers that be will create kook-driven web sites that spout half the truth and half stuff about aliens and religion being the opiate of the masses, so that instead of being seen as controversial, your statement will be considered crazy. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Paul Lv
6 6 years ago Life , liberty and the right to property are at the beginning of natural law . They can and are often taken away by those who pervert the social
contract .When we become part of society we assume our right to liberty is only
limited to the extent that we do no harm to others liberty 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Pushpa Selvam Lv
7 6 years ago I think, YES, It is Always. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How can something be 'about' something else? 7 answers What are good changes you experiencing due lockdown? 9 answers Are you good or bad? 18 answers Do you feel trapped by the conditions of society? 8 answers Do flowers feel distress while being eaten by insects? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions According to your opinion, is there a difference between "state of nature" and "state of war? what's the point of life? How can something be 'about' something else? If you're not sure someone's telling you the truth, do you think over contemplating on what they say is a slur or distraction to your mind? Can people die from laughter? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites