Books in which the main character commits suicide.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Arts & Humanities Books & Authors
·
1 decade ago Books in which the main character commits suicide.? I'm very interested in this topic. I'm not interested in books where the main characters major motive for suicide has to do with a relationship or the death of a loved one. Preferably instances where they are having an existential crisis. Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The House of Mirth- Wharton The Stranger- Camus (I consider it an indirect suicide, though it is debatable.)
Anna Karenina- Tolstoy Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde- Stevenson Enjoy wallowing in a slough of beautifully written despond! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post thorpe Lv
4 4 years ago Hollywoodland by using George and David Wallace. that is concerning the genuine existence character of the 1st actor to play superman interior the overdue Nineteen Fifties. the tale is a secret and that they inspect throughout the completed e book and you do no longer understand no count if he have been given murdered or committed suicide till the very end. The movie is greater valuable than the e book. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post libby Lv
7 1 decade ago The Pact: A Love Story by Jodi Picoult Joe Cinque's Consolation by Helen Garner ( a true story ) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bailey Lv
4 1 decade ago Rebecca 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Shaun M Lv
5 1 decade ago The first thing that comes to mind is "The Pact" by Jodi Picoult.
Don't let the love story stuff throw you off, it's a lot more than that. Source(s):
http://www.amazon.com/Pact-Love-Story-Jodi-Picoult... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sarrruh 1 decade ago Impulse by Ellen Hopkins.
There are three main characters though. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post laura 6 years ago Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago 13 reasons why 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the best book in your own collection at home? 20 answers Do you think the book "Journey to the Centre of the Earth" could be based on, at least, some truth? Could there really be a lost world down? 9 answers Why have Stephen King books become so expensive? I want to buy The Shining and Salem's lot but they are £10 - £12 for PAPERBACK. Why? 7 answers If a girl gets beaten in High School by other girls and she sues them ,then they get punished ,do you think they will send other people? 8 answers What’s some british phrases for my book character? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Self publishing vs Traditional publishing? Can I post the same stories in both fanfiction.net and Archive Our Own? In what way does Charlotte symbolize perfection and eternity? I need to meet a bolly actor for 15 minutes alone for some converse..is there any method to book appointment in cheap? Why have Stephen King books become so expensive? I want to buy The Shining and Salem's lot but they are £10 - £12 for PAPERBACK. Why? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites