'recovery' a poem about misery as muse. ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Duncan w ™ ® Lv
7 Duncan w ™ ®
asked in
Arts & Humanities Poetry
·
10 years ago 'recovery' a poem about misery as muse. ? misery, my muse has fled
into the high cottonwoods hiding in an eagles ruff where golden dawn light plays with frost making a world worth attending to I long for the liquor
that made emotions raw available for closer scrutiny wrote them on my skin in my eyes on my brow the pain protocol with associated psychic disturbances made eloquent a mind blind with expediency the web of the mundane of the taken for granted of the I deserve better draws closer around me pain becomes wrapped in fear again the sun rises high the eagle flies my words become necessary bits of utility explanations and questions fatalistic and concrete was this epiphany
like chiropractic adjustment painful but temporary I become nostalgic that desolate plain where I might have perished a cruel refuge from nothing honesty, bravery, patience. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance autumlovr Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer A lovely expressed misery wraps around the reader in this write.
Take it one day at a time with honesty, bravery, patience; take solace with those who understand. Recover and use the pain to write like this again! A great write!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♪♫NancyLiz ® ♫♪ ™ Lv
7 10 years ago I Wanted to change utility to futility
muse of mine went dancing last night
while I lay in my bed holding my wretched head who told her that she could flee? be free of the me that she feed? I know not why she
left me here without so much as
just one beer although if I could wish for it I'd had a straight up liquor, yet I saw the New Year enter in but did not think to take a pill and so I think
until I do... my muse is going to run to you. within your cottonwoods that line your driveway she will hide and take your muse she'll be his bride ... I confide this now to you as I am feeling kind of blue dumped out and left
with attitude and screwed... ..honesty I need that know bravery, show me how and patience I will surely learn .. I think
it is my turn 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post doe Lv
7 10 years ago AAHH, glad to see poetry when I visited you. This was lovely to read and I can only say more please. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What rhymes with "trumps wet dream?"? 4 answers what do you think of this poem? 4 answers A DEEP SILENCE......? 4 answers How do you write down your thoughts and your feelings? 6 answers What is the most inspirational poem you have ever read? ? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions THE DARK FIRE...... what about the poem? In the poem Plenty by Isobel Dixon, how does the use of dashes add meaning to the poem? What rhymes with " rust belt full moon"? The Time...? what do you think of this poem? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites