A Canvas Quality & what to use to protect paintings question? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Arts & Humanities Visual Arts Painting
·
1 decade ago A Canvas Quality & what to use to protect paintings question? Hello, I'm helping out a friend who wants to produce high end art with professional quality matterials. I'm not sure about the whole topic,..would anyone know anything about the painting & quality of matterials?
Q.1) Are there different types of canvas/canvas fabrics? Which fabric is considered of most professional quality? My friend currentlyhas %100 cotton,...is that concidered a top quality canvas?
Q.2) After someone has finish a painting, what product should they use to protect their painting? What works best?
Thanks in advance. Update : opps! sorry, my friend works in acrylics. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Marcia B 1 decade ago Favorite Answer 1. Cotton duck canvas is good but linen is best. It is also the most expensive. The one answering before
me is right about the gesso. It makes the paint adhere to the surface of the canvas.
You can use either oils or acrylics to paint with and the gesso makes it better, You can buy preprimed canvas that already has gesso on it. Or you can get unprimed and apply your own gesso. I like to put the gesso on then spread it over the whole canvas with an old plastic card like a credit card. Spread it one way over the whole surface and let it dry. Whne dry lightly sand the surface then put another layer on spread going the other way.
This gives a good ground to paint on.
2. Daymar varnish is the best to preserve paintings. but it is best to wait a year before applying it to the painting. That insures that the painting is completely dry before being varnished. There is a damar varnish spray you can get. you can get
it from catalogs. The eaddresses are: www.dickblick.com or www.nasco.com. you can request a catalog or you can buy from the site. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It really doesn't matter the "quality", just be sure to gesso the canvas first, this prevents the oil paint from coming into contact with it, it will cause the canvas to decay over time. When it comes to protecting, you could go to michael's look for a row of oil's in the painting aisle, they are for oil painting, and each oil has a purpose, i believe there is one for finishing, it will stop yellowing. It should be where the Linseed Oil is. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post kyla 4 years ago Michaels or a thrift shop maybe or Walmart at the craft section?:0 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Any films that are inspired by a traditional art style or painting/comic etc? 5 answers ingrid has $30 to buy oil painting class. each tube of paint costs $9.how many tubes can she buy ? do not include units? 7 answers What is the primary tool you use to observe and manipulate files on a computer? 4 answers How to sell artwork and everything else about it? 4 answers What color frame will look good for a picture with lots of color? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What's a very good lamp for someone who paints acrylic paintings that are 4 feet by 6 feet and smaller? What are examples of meals that the artist Leonardo Da Vinci probably used to eat for lunch or dinner? How do incorporate all three artists? Are you a good painter? What famous painters have the initials MM? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites