Photos transfered to canvas board? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products laura Lv
4 laura
asked in
Arts & Humanities Visual Arts Photography
·
1 decade ago Photos transfered to canvas board? Where can you get this done? We have the most beautiful sunset we wanted to display creatively...any other suggestions welcome but my question is, where can I get a photo copied onto a cavas style board? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Steve P Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Mpix does canvas on matboard prints. The print is done on Kodak Endura pro paper. It is then mounted under very high pressure to canvas and a backing board. The photo takes on the texture of the canvas, but still has the sharpness and color purity of the original print. I probably have 90% of everything I buy from Mpix done in this manner.
If you mean you want the photo printed directly to canvas, Mpix does that also, as do scores of other printing sites. I prefer the canvas on matboard print to a print done directly on canvas. http://www.mpix.com steve 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago There was also some color shifting compared to our color-calibrated monitors. Canvas printing is a new concept that people are trying out and has also gained popularity these days. With such vast developments in very short period of time, there are different types and varieties of canvas printing that is done both online as well as offline these days. The price is pretty low when it comes to your own photo on the canvas considering painting portraits at higher rates. Print quality was good and professional. The colors were a little on warmer side. Understand what’s the “right” color of the photo not only depends on the photo but also your display settings. The canvas was mounted on a solid wooden frame and overall was sturdy. Canvas frame was well packed and shipped safely. Source(s):
http://www.canvasprintsaustralia.net.au/photos-on-... 0 6 0 Login to reply the answers Post Picture Taker Lv
7 1 decade ago I'll just echo Steve's answer with a vote for Mpix.
They have several canvas products.
I like the gallery wrap for a lot of reasons, but his points on the sharpness of the Ednura paper on mat are well-taken. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can I safely look at a picture of the sun? 9 answers Is this how I look in real life? 5 answers How can I become more smart from the role of "photographer"? 4 answers I'm looking to be a photographer but dont know what camera I should be looking at is there any good dslr or mirrorless good? 5 answers What should I buy for better lighting for ebay photos for clothes hanging on the wall my photos are too dim but I don't have the space? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is there any Android app that can shoot RAW in selfie mode? Else is there any alternative that has Pro or Full manual Mode in Selfie Camera? What type of photos should I be posting on my photography account? ? When I upload photos to Instagram, do these photos still belong to me, or do they already belong to Instagram? Pictorialists believed that the photographer could and should manipulate the photo using compositional techniques ? Can I safely look at a picture of the sun? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites