Wrong type of canvas for oil painting? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products . .
asked in
Arts & Humanities Visual Arts Painting
·
9 years ago Wrong type of canvas for oil painting? Is there a wrong type of canvas for oil painting? I used the regular, pre-gessoed hard cover one -- the one I usually use for acrylic paintings. I noticed that oil doesn't stick to the canvas as well as it does on paper-canvas and that it is harder to blend. It takes me HOURS just to blend everything using oil on this type of canvas. Is this type of canvas not supposed to be used for oil painting? It says used for all mediums on the back. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance evilekat 9 years ago Favorite Answer Linen canvas with an oil primer is the classical standard for oil paintings. An acrylic primer, less expensive than oil primer, can be used with either acrylic or oil paints. Linen is difficult to prime and stretch properly, but it offers the smoothest and stiffest painting surface, one with proven longevity. Cotton duck canvas is much less expensive than linen, and has become the most popular support for oil and acrylic painting, especially for students. A properly prepared cotton canvas has longevity similar to linen, and is more flexible and easier to stretch properly. However, cotton is considered too flexible for very large paintings. For both oil and acrylic painting, an acrylic gesso primer is generally used. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Any films that are inspired by a traditional art style or painting/comic etc? 5 answers ingrid has $30 to buy oil painting class. each tube of paint costs $9.how many tubes can she buy ? do not include units? 7 answers What is the primary tool you use to observe and manipulate files on a computer? 4 answers How to sell artwork and everything else about it? 4 answers What color frame will look good for a picture with lots of color? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions To which painter and/or photographer makes you think my avatar? Would you come to a conclusion that Thomas Kinkade was more important to modern art than Picasso, Dali, or Warhol? What famous painters have the initials MM? How was Vermeer an expert in creating form from light? What's a very good lamp for someone who paints acrylic paintings that are 4 feet by 6 feet and smaller? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites