Somee teen books?? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Arts & Humanities Books & Authors
·
1 decade ago Somee teen books?? im interested in stuff like the gossip girls stuff does anyone have any otherr ideaass?? Answer Save 13 Answers Relevance marqueen71 Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Bobbie Ann Mason:
In Country (Historical fiction about the impact of the Vietnam War on a small town in Kentucky) Mildred D. Taylor:
Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry and Let the Circle Be Unbroken Joseph Heller:
Catch-22 (Historical Fiction set in WWII) Corrie Ten Boom:
The Hiding Place (Non-Fiction about the Holocaust) Elie Wiesel:
Night (Historical Fiction about the Holocaust); Dawn; and Day Markus Zusak:
The Book Thief (Historical Fiction) Mitch Albom:
The Five People You Meet in Heaven; Tuesdays With Morrie; and For One More Day. J. D. Salinger:
Catcher in the Rye
Betty Smith:
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (Coming of Age Novel) John Knowles:
A Separate Peace John Gunther:
Death Be Not Proud (A memoir about the death of his son) Richard Peck:
Long Way From Chicago and A Year Down Yonder Amy Tan:
The Joy Luck Club David Pelzer:
A Child Called "IT"; The Lost Boy; and A Man Named Dave Alice Sebold:
The Lovely Bones
Maya Angelou:
I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings Jay Asher:
Thirteen Reasons Why Kim Edwards:
The Memory Keeper's Daughter S. E. Hinton (a.k.a. Susan Eloise Hinton):
The Outsiders
Rumble Fish
Tex
That Was Then, This is Now
Taming the Star Runner
Some of Tim's Stories Lois Lowry:
The Giver, Gathering Blue, and Messenger (Fantasies) Scott Westerfeld:
Uglies, Pretties, Specials, and Extras (Science Fiction) Stephenie Meyer:
Twilight (Vampires and Romance)
New Moon (Twilight Series - Vampires and Romance)
Eclipse (Twilight Series - Vampires and Romance) Audrey Niffenegger:
The Time Traveler's Wife (Fantasy) Alice Hoffman:
Green Angel (Fantasy) Stephen Chbosky:
The Perks of Being a Wallflower Carolyn Mackler:
The Earth, My Butt, and Other Big Round Things Sue Monk Kidd:
The Secret Life of Bees Lauren Myracle:
TTYL (Talk to Ya Later);
L8r, g8r
and
ttfn Emily Giffin:
Something Borrowed; Something Blue; Baby Proof; and Love the One You're With Jodi Picoult:
My Sister's Keeper, Nineteen Minutes, Vanishing Acts, and Change of Heart Nicholas Sparks:
The Notebook, Message in a Bottle, A Walk to Remember, The Rescue, A Bend in the Road, Nights in Rodanthe, The Guardian, The Wedding, True Believer, A First Sight, Dear John, and The Choice. Sarah Dessen:
Lock and Key
Just Listen - Annabel Greene is the youngest of three very different sisters.
She has had a very bad summer and must now return to school.
She has never been so lonely or so sad, yet she must face each day.
As she has her own problems to confront, her entire family is dealing with issues that plague her sister, Whitney.
By circumstance, Annabel and Owen, who life revolves around music, become friends.
It is Owen who will help Annabel to meet certain challenges.
The Truth About Forever - Macy's father has recently died and she is feeling guilty.
Her mother isn't coping with his death well at all.
Macy's boyfriend, Jason, represents security, but frankly he is a clueless jerk.
It might have been a very long summer, but then by chance Macy meets an interesting group of people.
Dreamland - Caitlin is the younger and she feels second-rate sister to Cass who is perfect in every way.
Now Caitlin is 16 and rather than starting at Yale, Cass has run off with a guy.
This year for Caitlin is about school, cheerleading, parties, her boyfriend, and so much much more.
Keeping the Moon - Colie and her mother used to be fat.
They moved frequently and were homeless for a time.
Then Colie's mother went on a "let's get healthy" kick and they both lost weight.
Now mom has a good job and they live in a nice house.
Unfortunately, because of a really mean girl at school, Colie has acquired a reputation she did not deserve.
Mom is going to Europe to work for the summer and Colie is going to spend the summer with her eccentric aunt.
That Summer - Summers hold special memories for many of us:
vacations, beaches, picnics, summer jobs, summer loves, maybe even a wedding or two.
Haven, younger sister to Ashley, is fondly remembering a summer five years ago because in this current summer her world is falling apart.
Someone Like You - Halley and Scarlet, both 16 and juniors in high school, have been best friends forever.
Scarlet was always the strong one, but now she needs Halley to be there for her.
Meanwhile Halley has problems of her own.
This Lullaby - Remy, Jess, Chloe, and Lissa are friends (sort of) and now it is the summer between high school and college.
This is a time of transition for each of them, but the story concentrates on Remy who because her mother has had a series of husbands and Remy never even met her father, she is very cynical about love. Ann Brashares:
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants - A wonderful story about Tibby, Carmen, Lena, and Bridget, four very different friends who are spending their first summer apart from one another.
Each of the girls faces her own crisis and, in the end, they are there for each other.
It's a great story of friendship.
The Second Summer of the Sisterhood
Girls in Pants:
The Third Summer of the Sisterhood
Forever in Blue:
The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood Meg Cabot:
All American Girl
Ready or Not
Teen Idol
Nicola and the Viscount
Victoria and the Rogue
Pants on Fire
Jinx
Avalon High
Avalon High 2:
Coronation
Mediator Series (Fantasy) - Shadowland; Ninth Key; Reunion; Darkest Hour; Haunted; and Twilight
Princess Series - Princess Diaries; Princess in the Spotlight; Princess in Love; Princess in Waiting; Project Princess; Princess in Pink; Princess in Training; The Princess Present; Party Princess; Sweet Sixteen Princess; Valentine Princess; Princess on the Brink; Princess Mia; Princess Lessons; Perfect Princess; and Holiday Princess Robin Jones Gunn:
Christy Miller Series - Summer Promise; A Whisper and a Wish; Yours Forever; Surprise Endings; Island Dreamer; A Heart Full of Hope; True Friends; Starry Night; Seventeen Wishes; A Time to Cherish; Sweet Dreams; and A Promise is Forever.
Sierra Jensen Series - Only You, Sierra; In Your Dreams;
Don't You Wish; Close Your Eyes; Without a Doubt; With This Ring; Open Your Heart; Time Will Tell; Now Picture This;
Hold on Tight; Closer Than Ever; and Take My Hand.
Katie Weldon Series - Peculiar Treasures Margaret Atwood:
The Handmaid's Tale, The Robber Bride, The Blind Assassin, and The Penelopiad:
The Myth of Penelope and Odysseus. Sophie Kinsella (aka Madeleine Wickham):
Shopaholic Series - The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic (also titled Confessions of a Shopaholic); Shopaholic Abroad (also titled Shopaholic Takes Manhattan); Shopaholic Ties the Knot; Shopaholic and Sister; and Shopaholic and Baby.
The Tennis Party; A Desirable Residence; Swimming Pool Sunday; The Gatecrasher; The Wedding Girl; Cocktails for Three; Sleeping Arrangements; Can You Keep a Secret?; The Undomestic Goddess; and Remember Me?
Cecily von Ziegesar:
It Girl Series - The IT Girl; Notorious; Reckless; The Unforgettable; and The Lucky. Lisi Harrison
(Caution to parents:
These books are very popular, but the charcacters in these books are not good role models for your children.
These books are not appropriate for younger readers.):
Clique Series - The Clique
(Summary and Review); Best Friends Forever;
Revenge of the Wannabes; Invasion of the Boy Snatchers;
The Pretty Committee Strikes Back; Dial L for Loser; It's Not Easy Being Mean; Sealed With a Diss; and Bratfest at Tiffany's. Source(s):
http://booksandmore4kids.googlepages.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Pauline Lv
4 4 years ago I guess it really all depends on what type of books you like. I haven't heard of any of those honestly, but if you like mystery books, there's Premonitions by Jude Watson which has a sequel. My favorite series was by Hunter Morgan, and it starts with She'll Never Know. It's not necessarily a teen series, but definitely captivating. Another good book was Hawksong, which also has a sequel. If you're looking for just plain, quick and easy to read books that you can just sit and read on the beach, TTYL is a good book, by Lauren Myracle. Sonya Sones is also a pretty good author, there are things that people can definitely relate to. Cecily von Ziegesar is my favorite teen author. She wrote the Gossip Girl series and the It Girl series. Both of which are really good. And anything by Hailey Abbott and Kate Brian are pretty good. Oh, and the book Leftovers was really good. It kept my attention. Hope that helps. :] 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The Twilight Series by Stephenie Meyer The Noughts and Crosses Trilogy by Malorie Blackman The Mediator Series by Meg Cabot Happy Reading :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post laboheme94 1 decade ago The Clique Series.
The A-List series.
Blue Bloods series.
ALl about decadently rich teens and their issues (the third-Blue Bloods- is great, like the Gossip Girl of Vampires :-)
tres amazing) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago Pretty Little Liars Series- The Dating Game Series- The Hook-Up and Break-Up Series- Georgia Nichlson Series(my favorites)- Source(s):
BPL Teens 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Emily Lv
4 1 decade ago IF you like Gossip Girls there is The Clique Series, PRIVATE series, A-List series, and It-Girl series 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sasha 1 decade ago The Twilight Series, you won't be able to put them down. They rock, you have to read them. They are by legend, Stephenie Meyer. 1. Twilight 2. New Moon 3. Eclipse 4. Breaking Dawn MOVIE COMING OUT!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post *~*Midget*~* 1 decade ago Hm. You can go to Harperteen.com. They have a lot of books and the authors and such. They also have a first look thing to sign up for where you can choose a book you want and you can get picked to review a free "advanced readers" copy. They send it to your house and you get to keep it for free. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post aerie Lv
6 1 decade ago Not sure how old you are but Lauren Myracle is a good teen author. She has several books out now. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post joannerozanne 1 decade ago I think you would like the private series. I liked it and I normally don't like teen books! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (3) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How do I know when my book is ready for publishing? 7 answers Is my story original? 10 answers What's the best book in your own collection at home? 22 answers Who in your opinion is the most famous crime writer of all time ? 8 answers 50 Million will die from Vaccine? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can a guy take care of a girl without feeling lust for her (like, loving her but in a pure way)? Did a shark eat captain hooks hand? What are some ways to wrap up a book and defeat the villain that don't involve a fight scene? What are some traits that make a villain likable? Why do Macbeth and macduff fight eachother in Macbeth? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites