Any thoughts on this verse, it's not Lennon, it's not Kerouac, but it has something I think? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Alobar Lv
5 Alobar
asked in
Arts & Humanities Poetry
·
1 decade ago Any thoughts on this verse, it's not Lennon, it's not Kerouac, but it has something I think? Work Ethic A good work ethic is just a lack of imagination, Jack told me Sometimes I think he’s right as beaten down I trudge through the day picking succulent fruits I could never afford to buy But then side by side and bathing in the fragrant air we see an unobscured horizon birthing the morning sun and thank the heavens we can feed our families and don’t have to exist inside steel walls breathing stale, recycled air and other products of manufacturing money.
Jack, I then say our imaginations are as free
as any train-hopping hobo in any number of your adventures, what you imagine are prison walls are also holding up the shelters that keep the rain and snow off our heads.
Yeah, my son hates being wet, he says and we start our day, he with renewed vigour me humming an old tune, something about “that lucky old sun.” Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance it's me Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Any thing you say, Dad. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDfx4JO6VEo 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The impact of this is hard for me to put into words. It is a sense of doing a honest days work for a honest wage - being free and outdoors - thanking God for your daily bread and a roof over your head. And "that lucky old sun" will resound in my soul - during the most trying of times. Thank you ♥ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdLjJqWfTs4 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
6 1 decade ago "Deliver your children
to the good, good life. Give 'em peace and shelter, and a fork and knife. Shine a light in the morning and a light at night, and if a thing goes wrong you better make it right." A very moving poem (for me personally) that has set the tone for my day. Thanks. Source(s):
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMvtzQ8AYPs
EDIT: I didn't realize others left links already, but check this out if you got the time; it's a dandy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Coop 366 Lv
7 1 decade ago He is lucky, just to be were high in the heavens. Enjoy just breathing and seeing the glory of God's sunrise. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in giggling Lv
5 1 decade ago WOW!
I agree with Ma!
teach your children well.
Give them the tools they need and then step back and bite your lip, let them fall sometimes so they can learn from their own mistakes! Good one!
Applause! (Of course, be there to pick them up if they need you when they fall.) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post neonman Lv
7 1 decade ago Still reading that book I see!
lol
Your words flow well and give one pause to think.
Jack, I think, would have agreed. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago We are only limited by placing limits on our imagination.
I've traveled the world in mine. Love this! 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post - Lv
7 1 decade ago Wow!
I LOVED this! Teach your children well. ma 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post jenny Lv
7 1 decade ago The best things in life are truly free, they are gifts for sure, The Little Red Hen, has the answer for the rest. and yet ......................... 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Daisy Lv
7 1 decade ago This is GOOD! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What rhymes with "trumps wet dream?"? 5 answers what do you think of this poem? 4 answers A DEEP SILENCE......? 4 answers How do you write down your thoughts and your feelings? 6 answers What is the most inspirational poem you have ever read? ? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What rhymes with " rust belt full moon"? what do you think of this poem? How does the narrator feel? In the poem of charity? What has the narrator done or not done? In the poem of charity.? Poetry: how do I make this iambic pentameter sound better? "mySELF adMIRES yourSELF no OTHA' fe MALES."...? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites