Is there a long history of Russians emmigrating to Britain? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? ?
asked in
Arts & Humanities History
·
10 years ago Is there a long history of Russians emmigrating to Britain? I am totally of british heritage but i have a couple relatives who really look slavic, whats the possibility of having slavic heritage via britain? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance sham69 10 years ago Favorite Answer yes after the russian revolution lots of aristocratic russian emigres arrived ,
also they suspected
jack the ripper of being a russian jew , @ j
karl marx was german 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post J 10 years ago A lot of Russians immigrated to Britain.
England is where Marx wrote his Communist Manifesto and is buried. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions are these protesters in britain trying to overturn our way of life, history and heritage? 60 answers the "Federal Reserve Bank" is nothing more than a global banking cartel? why nobody cares that "somebody in the USA" owes 25 Trillion to it? 5 answers Am i the only one to think goerge Floyd death was justified? 15 answers Will history be taken out of schools because it offends other races? 28 answers Did old people ever die before the coronavirus was invented? 22 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Haven't Humans been around for a real long time? are the days of bored rich housewives going to the mall , restaurant with friends and then to a nail salon over with? why or not? Why did the French and Indian war last longer than 7 years? when you drive through a major US city & see all the tall buildings ,,,what really are inside most of those buildings? what do they do there? Was Hitler racist against Brazilian bootys ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites