Need some information about the different kinds of canvas'? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products LoveMyMommyLife Lv
7 LoveMyMommyLife
asked in
Arts & Humanities Visual Arts Painting
·
1 decade ago Need some information about the different kinds of canvas'? Sadly, art classes are out my price range. So if someone could give me some insight that would be great! Im wondering what kind of cheap, but quality canvas' there are out there for the average person to buy. I used a variety of canvas' back in my high school. Since then i've been buying the cheap boards from wal-mart, but I dont like the grainy feel and look they have. In addition to making it harder to add a wooden boarder to the painting. Is there any place or art store that I could find some good quality canvas for fairly cheap? I use acrylic, oil, and water based paints. Does the type of canvas differ for the kind of paint i'm using? Thank you for any information you could give me!!! Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Blueroses Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer There are several types of canvas (cotton, linen, poly-cotton), but the most commonly found and used for oil painting is cotton.
The quality and texture of canvas can range from one extreme to another.
Some artists prefer a very fine, almost flat texture that will take detail well.
Others like a heavy, deep texture that will grab and hold a strong, globby brush full of paint. If the texture of the canvas bothers you, you can soften or flatten it by brushing on several smooth layers of gesso.
Gesso is the white acrylic primer that is already on your prepared canvas.
A few extra coats, dried and perhaps sanded between layers, can let you control the texture better. You might consider painting on a surface other than canvas.
I sometimes paint on prepared (gessoed) panels. "Gessobord" by the company Ampersand is one choice, available on www.dickblick.com and other art sites.
With a jar of gesso (any art or arts/crafts store like Michaels) and a 2-inch brush, you can oil paint on almost any surface that you prime first with a couple coats of gesso.
Water based paints do not need gesso priming. Think about paper (thick enough to not warp with acrylic paint like gesso), cardboard, masonite (A kind of pressed wood product found at home improvement stores. They will cut it up for you for small fee.), plywood, etc. When I was a student, I bought a roll of unprimed canvas (many online art stores), stretched it on homemade stretchers and primed it myself.
These paintings have held up for over 30 years.
Yes, an initial investment for the roll of canvas, but cheaper in the long run. The cheapest canvases I have found are "The Edge" at www.aswexpress.com However, these are made in China or Viet Nam and have a tendency to be warped at sizes over 12 by 16 inches. That size and under are okay.
Hope this helps.
You just have to try different brands and materials until you find what you like.
Keep creating! Source(s):
Professional fine art oil painter 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post le petit poucet 1 decade ago Check out your local art stores. They rotate their sale monthly.
Hobby Lobby always 30% off for their canvases, I sometime got 2 16x20 stretched canvases at Michael's for 10 bucks. You are not looking for museum quality are you ? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Any films that are inspired by a traditional art style or painting/comic etc? 5 answers ingrid has $30 to buy oil painting class. each tube of paint costs $9.how many tubes can she buy ? do not include units? 7 answers What is the primary tool you use to observe and manipulate files on a computer? 4 answers How to sell artwork and everything else about it? 4 answers What color frame will look good for a picture with lots of color? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What's a very good lamp for someone who paints acrylic paintings that are 4 feet by 6 feet and smaller? What are examples of meals that the artist Leonardo Da Vinci probably used to eat for lunch or dinner? Do I need permission to make colored versions of artwork? Are you a good painter? Would you come to a conclusion that Thomas Kinkade was more important to modern art than Picasso, Dali, or Warhol? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites