playing with longer lines.. is this too vague? a poetic attempt.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ♪♫NancyLiz ® ♫♪ ™ Lv
7 ♪♫NancyLiz ® ♫♪ ™
asked in
Arts & Humanities Poetry
·
1 decade ago playing with longer lines.. is this too vague? a poetic attempt.? Glancing at the burly chest that taunted long ago I hesitated briefly as my vision weakly slipped Into a momentary lapse where the scales were slightly tipped As thoughts fell helter skelter, I spoke randomly and slow In retrospect, perhaps, things were, yet I will never know As the cuckoo clock strikes one, and the noisy birdie quipped My fingers got away from me a life within did grow As on a far off radar screen I sent it and it blipped Within that chest so burly was a heart of brittle stone Never could quite reach it and was not from lack of trying However even stones erode sometimes they crumble, too And I will carry with me as I walk this path alone I sacrificed my tears and I swore off excess crying I turn my back towards that chest, (I’ve) done all that I can do Update : these last 3 poems.. or practice pieces are the result of a hyper sensitive brain which I refuse to feed pain killers. Sorry if they are not as good as they should be.. logically.. I simply am scattered. Update 2 : Good.. thank you.. it could be... yes.... which ? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Sandy Giggles Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer there are two ways my brain is receiving this piece. burly chest could mean a thing, like a wooden chest but could also mean a man's chest. hm... which way did you mean for this to go, sultry or innocent? hm.. I actually like the flow, you have that down pat! <well, if you can, stay off those pain killers, I like how you are writing.
(I hate pain killers)> 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What rhymes with "trumps wet dream?"? 5 answers what do you think of this poem? 4 answers A DEEP SILENCE......? 4 answers How do you write down your thoughts and your feelings? 6 answers What is the most inspirational poem you have ever read? ? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions what do you think of this poem? What has the narrator done or not done? In the poem of charity.? Poetry: how do I make this iambic pentameter sound better? "mySELF adMIRES yourSELF no OTHA' fe MALES."...? The Time...? How does the narrator feel? In the poem of charity? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites