Is this story idea already used?!?!>!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Emily Courtneey Emily Courtneey
asked in
Arts & Humanities Books & Authors
·
8 years ago Is this story idea already used?!?!>!? Okay, I wanna make a story about 15 kids who are transported in a coma into a virtual game world where they need to try to survive (not too hunger gamesish becuase all can survive if they are good enough). There are 10 levels, and if you die in the game, you die in real life too, but the challenges are super hard. Is this already used? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance cirque de lune Lv
6 8 years ago Favorite Answer Sounds like a hybrid between Tron and The Matrix. A similar concept was used in Virtuosity, Spy Kids 3, and Invitation to the Game.
To be quite honest, the whole genre of "you die in the game, you die in real life" is very common. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post MonsterAndLace 8 years ago It sounds like a slightly different version of "Stay Alive".
In Stay Alive they're not in a coma as they are playing the game in real life. How they die in the game is how they'll mysteriously die in real life. Source(s):
Too many movies, books, and T.V. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Lisa 8 years ago They did an episode in fairy odd parents like this once and in spy kids 3 also. There is an anime series called hack(sign or roots)- think that's the names- where their is this rpg game and one of the characters went into a real life coma and I think but I don't think anyone got stuck in it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago spy kids 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Kim Lv
5 8 years ago It's a bit like TRON 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the best book in your own collection at home? 20 answers Do you think the book "Journey to the Centre of the Earth" could be based on, at least, some truth? Could there really be a lost world down? 9 answers Why have Stephen King books become so expensive? I want to buy The Shining and Salem's lot but they are £10 - £12 for PAPERBACK. Why? 7 answers If a girl gets beaten in High School by other girls and she sues them ,then they get punished ,do you think they will send other people? 8 answers What’s some british phrases for my book character? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can I post the same stories in both fanfiction.net and Archive Our Own? Self publishing vs Traditional publishing? I need to meet a bolly actor for 15 minutes alone for some converse..is there any method to book appointment in cheap? In what way does Charlotte symbolize perfection and eternity? Harry Potter/Voldemort? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites