Book suggestion for comparative essay with Gatsby? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Arts & Humanities Books & Authors
·
7 years ago Book suggestion for comparative essay with Gatsby? I have to make a comparative essay between The Great Gatsby and another book and am looking for a good book I could compare it with Thanks! (= Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Iza Lv
4 7 years ago Favorite Answer An American Tragedy
The House of Mirth East Side Story Death of a Salesman Of Mice and Men And A Streetcar Named Desire is good too, but it's a play. You can still read it though. These books have very similar concepts of wealth and love and The American Dream. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago I would suggest Of Mice and Men, it takes place in the 1930s the decade after the Jazz age of Gatsby. Gatsby depicts America in its prime of lavish living and riches, 'OMAM' on the other hand depicts the life of people after the Wall Street crash, both books make very interesting points about the American dream that would have some great comparative points. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post David Lv
7 7 years ago Fight Club Chuck Palahniuk wrote it as a modern version of Gatsby. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post quillen Lv
4 4 years ago F. Scott Fitzgerald portays Jay Gatsby as a Christ discern, in that he comes from almost nowhere, he in no way drank and consequently replaced into stored sparkling, and that he sacrificed himself to keep yet another. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in simone Lv
7 7 years ago The Age of Innocence by Edith Wharton is set in old money American society. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the best book in your own collection at home? 20 answers Do you think the book "Journey to the Centre of the Earth" could be based on, at least, some truth? Could there really be a lost world down? 9 answers Why have Stephen King books become so expensive? I want to buy The Shining and Salem's lot but they are £10 - £12 for PAPERBACK. Why? 7 answers If a girl gets beaten in High School by other girls and she sues them ,then they get punished ,do you think they will send other people? 8 answers What’s some british phrases for my book character? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why have Stephen King books become so expensive? I want to buy The Shining and Salem's lot but they are £10 - £12 for PAPERBACK. Why? Can I post the same stories in both fanfiction.net and Archive Our Own? I need to meet a bolly actor for 15 minutes alone for some converse..is there any method to book appointment in cheap? What do you recommend for a sick of tiredness,so that can make up for the other day about,becoming who that can stop long sleepings too? Blacks need Whites .You cannot run a Government.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites