Did Einstein have a driver's license? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products jay ess Lv
4 jay ess
asked in
Arts & Humanities History
·
1 decade ago Did Einstein have a driver's license? seriously -- Have had problems passing the test, & someone in similar situation said it's not a matter of intelligence, don't worry "Einstein didn't drive a car".
does anyone know for sure -- & for that matter: a list of scientists, politicians, whatever, with overall competence who, for some reason or another, didn't/ don't drive? Thanx... Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Ellie Evans-Thyme Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer To be perfectly fair to Einstein:
For most of his life, and certainly up to the time that he immigrated to the United States, Einstein never needed to drive a car, nor did most other Europeans who lived in cities and villages.
I would also suppose that living in Princeton, New Jersey, during and immediately after World War II, he didn't need to know how to drive a car.
Learning, or not learning, to drive a car isn't necessarily a sign of intelligence.
Two cases in point: ---My patenal grandfather (1879-1963) grew up in rural Central Texas, and when he grew to adulthood, he worked as a stationmaster for the
Santa
Fe Railroad.
Between the two World Wars, he walked to work from his home in a series of small Texas towns until his retirement at age 75, at which time he learned to drive.
---My maternal grandmother (1893-1986) was born in in a small town slightly south and west of Fort Worth, Texas.
She graduated from teacher's college, worked as a primary teacher, married my grandfather, and was the active mother of five children who grew up between 1915 and 1946.
After my grandfather died in 1957, she took a driving test and got her driver's license.
She lived all her married life in what is now the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex.
Except for trips into Dallas or Fort Worth, my grandmother, my mother, and everyone else walked everywhere: church, school, the grocery store
. . .
The necessity of driving only exists if public transportation doesn't exist or distances are too far to walk.
I also know of numerous non-famous, middle-class people who currently live in New York, Chicago, or London and don't have a driver's license. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago For Paisan 7 - what if your child needs an organ - and you're not a match?? (Because parents are not guaranteed to be matches). Will it be okay then if your child receives an organ from a deceased person/ Perhaps the reason we're given organs is so that we can save lives as our last action before we are buried or cremated. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Einstein never learned to drive a car. 1 1 1 Geminus 6 years ago Report Please ignore future answers from Countessa (Sic), who doesn't hesitate to state as fact matters she has no knowledge of. Login to reply the answers Post Geminus 6 years ago Presumably.
He frequently drove himself to a lake where he sailed in a small boat belonging to Princeton. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago I don't know, I'm genious and I have a driver's license. 1 0 2 Johan 3 years ago Report You are a piece of ****, you ******* subhuman, it will be fun when you perish in a mobile gaschamber. Login to reply the answers Post ? 1 decade ago n noo nno home who
whwhwyy
drrrivve 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions are these protesters in britain trying to overturn our way of life, history and heritage? 60 answers the "Federal Reserve Bank" is nothing more than a global banking cartel? why nobody cares that "somebody in the USA" owes 25 Trillion to it? 5 answers Am i the only one to think goerge Floyd death was justified? 15 answers Will history be taken out of schools because it offends other races? 28 answers Did old people ever die before the coronavirus was invented? 22 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Haven't Humans been around for a real long time? are the days of bored rich housewives going to the mall , restaurant with friends and then to a nail salon over with? why or not? the "Federal Reserve Bank" is nothing more than a global banking cartel? why nobody cares that "somebody in the USA" owes 25 Trillion to it? Is it true people in the 1950s showered once a week? when you drive through a major US city & see all the tall buildings ,,,what really are inside most of those buildings? what do they do there? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites