Can you write a novel in the present tense? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Melissa M Melissa M
asked in
Arts & Humanities Books & Authors
·
1 decade ago Can you write a novel in the present tense? I am currently writing a novel that has a predominantly journalism discourse and the reason its written in present tense is because its suposed to be like a news story, writen as its happening. However, I've noticed most novels are writen in the past tense. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Present tense can be powerful and its immediacy is capable of evoking considerable emotion in the reader.
There have been some complete novels written in the present, but it is difficult to do successfully. I use present tense occasionally when seeking a specific mood, but revert to the past tense for everything else.
Both present and past can "work."
It is mainly a matter of how it is written.
Well written present can be more dynamic than past and I would have to say that if you want to try it, go ahead.
I think, however, that mixing the two is more effective and that I prefer using the present sparingly.
That is to say, I use it when it works for the story, but not for the entire book. J. http://www.jrichardjacobs.net "The speed of the brain is inversely proportional to the speed of the mouth squared." Source(s):
I've been writing at the professional level since 1956 and have had ample opportunity to experiment....
;-] 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Autumn Lv
4 1 decade ago It can be done and I've read some books written in present tense.
I found it mildly distracting.
I've also tried it myself and found it works best on short stories because I tend to slip back into past tense and it's too much of a pain to keep myself writing in present tense for the length of an entire novel. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Damien Kane 1 decade ago Yes, but it would be hard to read a novel-sized news story. Most novels are written in past tense for good reason: they work and the structure is more dynamic, ie: Present: I am walking to the lift and I can feel the pinch of terror on the nape of my neck. Past: The nape of my neck prickled in terror as I walked to the lift. You may notice that present tense doesn't grab a reader as much as past tense. It omits words which are otherwise needless in the sentence simply by switching tenses. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post robbie 1 decade ago I think u write a novel as a collection of certain interesting events that Have happened, not happening now. So I think Present tense would be a little awkward. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in dsoul 1 decade ago Writing in present tense is more frustrating and dreary to begin with. Also, if you're going to endeavour in it, your story has got to me mighty captivating and have a great line of suspense if not I doubt if anyone's going to want to look into it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Present tense is hard to read over long period, hense most are in past. Non-fiction more often in present, eg travel. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the best book in your own collection at home? 20 answers Do you think the book "Journey to the Centre of the Earth" could be based on, at least, some truth? Could there really be a lost world down? 9 answers Why have Stephen King books become so expensive? I want to buy The Shining and Salem's lot but they are £10 - £12 for PAPERBACK. Why? 7 answers If a girl gets beaten in High School by other girls and she sues them ,then they get punished ,do you think they will send other people? 8 answers What’s some british phrases for my book character? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Would you stop talking to a guy for this? What do you recommend for a sick of tiredness,so that can make up for the other day about,becoming who that can stop long sleepings too? Harry Potter/Voldemort? In what way does Charlotte symbolize perfection and eternity? Can I post the same stories in both fanfiction.net and Archive Our Own? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites