What would the best balance be for a small 10 person ensemble? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Dacck Dacck
asked in
Arts & Humanities Performing Arts
·
7 years ago What would the best balance be for a small 10 person ensemble? Eh - I'm arranging a piece for a school show, and I'm permitted to use only TEN people/instruments.
The piece is very string-oriented and the main melody is driven by the cello(s), but I'm afraid that if I utilize two cellos to one violin, or trombone and French horn to compensate, then the violin, viola, and possibly the flute and clarinet (if I decide to use them) will be drowned out.
Additionally, one or two of those ten spots has to be filled by percussionist(s).
So, to summarize, I need a group of ten that includes one or two percussionists, is string heavy (with cello pushing the main melody), and is balanced and pleasant in a sort-of medieval, string orchestra way.
Any suggestions are much appreciated - thanks :) Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance ThePianist 7 years ago Favorite Answer One violin, one viola, one cello, one double bass, one flute, one clarinet, one french horn, one trombone, and two percussionists. Having multiple cellos in such a small ensemble would be too much. The key to balancing the ensemble will be selecting strong players who can listen and adapt. I hope this helps! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm a failed bass player what can I do ? 6 answers Why is Chuck Norris overrated? 4 answers What would you think if I sang out of tune? 7 answers Quitting Art? ? 4 answers Can I learn guitar in a year? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What brand of guitar is this? What's a fair price to ask for a Washburn WD420SCE guitar with molded case in very good condition? How much should I pay for a Yamaha APX500IIFM guitar with hardshell case from private owner (not a music store) in very good condition? How difficult is GCSE dance and is it time consuming? Apples or pears? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites