Is learning how to play the keyboard hard? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Arts & Humanities Performing Arts
·
1 decade ago Is learning how to play the keyboard hard? Ok so I'm a 13 year old girl and i thought i should start playing an instrument so i thought which one? Guitar or Keyboard? I chose was keyboard so im about to buy one in 2 weeks but i was wondering it looks very hard because how do you remember all those keys! Or i was also thinking instead of a keyboard i might buy a guitar! Please help me decide and write down the reasons why i should play that instrument! Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Remember, a keyboard is essentially eight white keys and five black keys being repeated several times. The keyboard goes in an alphabetical order, from A-G with a few notes in between. Here is the order: A, A sharp or B flat, B, C, C sharp or D flat, D, D sharp or E flat, E, F, F sharp or G flat, G, G sharp or A flat.
To make it easier, think of it this way: A sharp is the same thing as B flat. It's the same note, but you call it different things based on what key you're in. That's not important for a beginner, not yet.
Keyboard, once you get the gist of it, is not difficult until you get to really interpretive pieces. Once you master the basics (which might be a little bit tedious if you don't know how to read music, which means you need to learn) most pieces will be easy. In fact, the most difficult part of learning piano comes when you've started playing for three or so years and you start playing pieces that require you to put a little bit of yourself into them, then you'll need to learn to control the pressure and fullness of a sound, the bounce of your fingers, etc. But to learn it, it's pretty basic. The only thing is that you should commit. Piano is one of the most satisfying instruments to play, because you get such a wide range of sound, versus something like a flute or something, where you typically play only a few sounds, and even guitar, where you play a maximum of six sounds. Piano allows you to play ten different notes at once. Piano also increases your ability to use both hands separately, which is frustrating for some students at first. The most important thing you need to know is where middle c is. Once you know where that is (it's the C note closest to the middle - you can look up the order of keys on the internet) you can figure out where any note is, and once you really have that memorised, you can tell anyone where any note is on any octave :) Piano really is very popular. In the past, most girls learned to play piano because it was beautiful and reflected upon the values held in females: grace, beauty, and interpretation of love, passion, etc. Source(s):
15, I've played piano for 8 years. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Learning how to read music and play the piano is a very detailed process, and combines many different skills with the challenges of learning something new. Learn here
https://tr.im/PianoLessons
When you are learning how to play the piano, it’s true that you require email support, but you also need a variety of other ways to have your questions answered. A well written course covers many questions, but there is no substitute for having real, live support when you are unclear on something specific to your learning curve. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago I taught myself how to play piano without any lessons and I can play it pretty well now. I don't think it's that hard to learn, and if you're having difficulty you can look up how to teach yourself piano on the internet and that should help. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm a failed bass player what can I do ? 6 answers Why is Chuck Norris overrated? 4 answers What would you think if I sang out of tune? 7 answers Quitting Art? ? 4 answers Can I learn guitar in a year? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What brand of guitar is this? Apples or pears? I'm a failed bass player what can I do ? Why is Chuck Norris overrated? What's a fair price to ask for a Washburn WD420SCE guitar with molded case in very good condition? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites