During the French Revolution, did some French nobles escape as refugees into Germany? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products million$gon Lv
7 million$gon
asked in
Arts & Humanities History
·
1 decade ago During the French Revolution, did some French nobles escape as refugees into Germany? Can't blame them for trying to get away ! Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance redunicorn Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer "Many nobles had fled before the Revolution broke. These emigres, as they were called, later headed by the king's own brothers, were in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. They were appealing to the princes of Europe to stop the Revolution in France and threatening a reign of bloodshed when they returned. The people of France mistrusted the king and still more mistrusted Marie Antoinette, "the Austrian woman." In October 1789 a mob had brought them--and the Assembly with them--from Versailles to Paris so that they might be more closely watched." Source(s):
http://history-world.org/french_revolution.htm 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Spreedog Lv
7 1 decade ago Yes, of course.
According to the textbook I use for my World Civ course, some 200,000 people - members of the nobility and the clergy - fled France to nearby European cities between July and October 1789 - where they planned and plotted to return to their lives of property and privilege in France as soon as possible. Out of approximately 27 million French people in 1789, ~400,000 were nobility.
There were ~130,000 members of the clergy, but only the top 123 bishops and 28 archbishops made the obscene profits from the Church.
These top church officials made ridiculously excessive amounts of money similar to CEO's in American corporations today. The Catholic Church owned 20% of the property in France while the nobility owned another 20%.
This top 2% of the French population controlled the government and made sure they paid few taxes, while the other 98% of the people shared only about half of the remaining wealth while paying almost all of the taxes.
This greed and selfishness of a few was the basis of the Revolution.
The nobility had no claim to greatness other than the accident of birth, but these people were raised to feel that they were somehow superior to other people.
The highest paid clergy were also made up of men from noble families - second or third sons. Just an added note - which I suspect you know - there was no nation of Germany in 1789.
German areas were divided into ~ 300 mostly small principalities, kingdoms, electorates loosely connected as the Holy Roman Empire.
Prussia was the largest and most powerful German state. Source(s):
college world civ teacher 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions are these protesters in britain trying to overturn our way of life, history and heritage? 60 answers the "Federal Reserve Bank" is nothing more than a global banking cartel? why nobody cares that "somebody in the USA" owes 25 Trillion to it? 5 answers Am i the only one to think goerge Floyd death was justified? 15 answers Will history be taken out of schools because it offends other races? 28 answers Did old people ever die before the coronavirus was invented? 22 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions the "Federal Reserve Bank" is nothing more than a global banking cartel? why nobody cares that "somebody in the USA" owes 25 Trillion to it? Haven't Humans been around for a real long time? Was Hitler racist against Brazilian bootys ? are the days of bored rich housewives going to the mall , restaurant with friends and then to a nail salon over with? why or not? when you drive through a major US city & see all the tall buildings ,,,what really are inside most of those buildings? what do they do there? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites