I'm graduating from Clown College this fall (BFA juggling). Should I go for my master's degree now or wait? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products zingis Lv
6 zingis
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago I'm graduating from Clown College this fall (BFA juggling). Should I go for my master's degree now or wait? Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Doc Watson Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The trick to being a successful and sought-after (re: employed) clown is diversification. In other words, specializing is a no-no. If you must go on to get your Master's then go for an MTC (Master Of Total Clownmanship). You'll learn the added skills of stilt walking, stuffing a VW Beetle, seltzer-bottle squirting, over-sized shoe and nose maintenance,
makeup design and application, etc.
You really do need the full MTC to fall back on and here's why: Say the circus you're applying to already has too many jugglers, then you can say 'Well, I can handle a pretty funny fire hose' or mention that 'I was the best miniature car driver in my class.'
The idea is to cover all bases. However, if you still insist on just specializing in juggling then you'll need to bring a new approach, a new angle into your act, to get hired. You could learn to master juggling raccoons (live ones, of course) or juggling Mimi-Coopers or (for the esoteric crowd) juggling mimes. And when you get married you'll also be able to juggle career and family and other relationships. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tigger Lv
7 1 decade ago Go for it!!! That's when they teach you how to get squished into that little car with all the other clowns.
Did you get your red rubber nose yet? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago clown colleg wont get u a 9,000,000 square foot house it will get u a trailer with indoor bathroom so it doesnt matter itz worthless 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago You need to get down to the Welfare office for post graduation preparations. Source(s):
My Educated Answer. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Jim Baw Lv
6 1 decade ago You don't need a masters - they're for posers and professors.
So in otherwords, in less you want to be a mime, you're good. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post MissBlue 1 decade ago You do what your heart desires...never put your dreams on hold :) I found you!
muhahaha 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post viXXXen Lv
6 1 decade ago Now or never. I'll be at your graduation. Roses or Carnations? 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post idlovetobeperfect 1 decade ago i say go. what comes next. fire tricks? yay! :D 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago don't forget your degree in raping children 0 1 4 Login to reply the answers Post // Lv
7 1 decade ago Please stop calling Brown "Clown College". 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Wanna play a game? Simple rules in description? 21 answers True or false: part of you belongs in Canada? 60 answers What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 88 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 58 answers Are you juicy? 47 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Poll: Do you like small town or big cities? Why? I hate you ? will you help me reach my goal of 3.2 million dollars to start my Empire? True or false, you can't be attractive with braces if you are a woman? Are these goals good? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites