if I give the burly old balsam tree a shave do you think the sultry beech tree next door would go out with him | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago if I give the burly old balsam tree a shave do you think the sultry beech tree next door would go out with him Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance ~Miss Lynn~ Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Sure, whatever you say!!! I'm with you all the way!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ~ Floridian`` Lv
7 1 decade ago It's very possible if you help him shape up and become more attractive, the sultry beech could beome interested, possibly somewhat aroused! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Buzzy Lv
7 1 decade ago I dunno....l heard that sultry beech is a beech! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♥ Mrs. D♥ Lv
5 1 decade ago no...the beech tree should love the balsam tree for who it is 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago LOL, i think its a definite possibility!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post natalia k Lv
7 1 decade ago ?? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Wanna play a game? Simple rules in description? 21 answers True or false: part of you belongs in Canada? 60 answers What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 88 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 58 answers Are you juicy? 47 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I hate you ? Don't you love it when you wake het the housework done and have the whole day to yourself? will you help me reach my goal of 3.2 million dollars to start my Empire? Poll: Do you like small town or big cities? Why? Where were you back when Lord Kathy was scoring 50 points a game for the Chicago Bulls? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites