how shameful would it be to live as a college dropout? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Hardcore City Lv
6 Hardcore City
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
10 years ago how shameful would it be to live as a college dropout? regardless of money you make? Update : sorry, iff I offended you. i am just worried for myself lol I don't like school. Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Anonymous 10 years ago Favorite Answer I am a college dropout and I am not the least bit ashamed...much better off and happier. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago Depends 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post I can't read it Lv
6 10 years ago My mum is a college drop out she's not ashamed she's raised 5 amazing children what more could you want. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Olympic Spirit Lv
7 10 years ago I don't think Kanye West cares too much. As long as you are happy and successful does it really matter? Not everyone goes to college 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 10 years ago not as bad as being a high school dropout 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago as long as you can make a living, i guess its not that bad...i mean. high schools worse than college :P 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago college is over rated 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post James Dean Lv
7 10 years ago depends 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago not that bad Source(s):
im one 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 48 answers Are you boring? 44 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 28 answers Do you have to get drunk on Saturday nights? 26 answers Are you juicy? 24 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do you know about the star ⭐️ Sirius ? ✨? What’s the importance of Number 9? ✨? Is making 70k in your early 30s a good salary? Low salary? Or ok salary? Can I beat Dark Souls by playing solo only? How are ni#gers created? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites