Why is Alex Lifeson listed #98 on Rolling Stones list of "100 Greatest Guitarists"? Please read more below? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Ozzie Klunk Lv
6 Ozzie Klunk
asked in
Entertainment & Music Music Rock and Pop
·
5 years ago Why is Alex Lifeson listed #98 on Rolling Stones list of "100 Greatest Guitarists"? Please read more below? Update : On that that list there are people who while they are giants, John Lennon, Buddy Holly and others, were not known as guitar gods in their day.
Is there more going on in the preparation of that list than guitar virtuosity? Answer Save 11 Answers Relevance Anonymous 5 years ago Favorite Answer It's an AWFUL list.
I looked through the top 40 and didn't see the names Satriani, Vai or Hammett anywhere. Right off the bat it's hard to take seriously.
I'm okay with the top 2 but it gets stupid after that. #3 and #4 (Richards and Page) probably wouldn't make my top 100. Eddie shouldn't ever be lower than 3rd. I could go on and on. It's an awful list with no thought behind it. Don't take it too seriously. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Seabass Lv
6 5 years ago Can't say anything that hasn't been touched on by other answers. It's all subjective. If I were making the list I'd have Mark Knopler, Trey Anastasio, Gary Moore, Frank Zappa, Angus, Brian May in my top 10 along with a couple that are in there. But that's just my opinion. Also, in my opinion there are musicians like Bruce Springsteen, Keith Richards, and Neil Young who I would not have in a top 100 list for something like this. Lifeson is a tremendous player. On my list he'd make the top 15... 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tortfeasor Lv
6 5 years ago Yeah, I suspect there is more going on than virtuosity.
Beyond technical skill, there is the drive to push the art of guitar playing beyond previous boundaries.
I'm honestly not sure that John Lennon qualifies for that at all.
Buddy Holly, maybe, as his recordings feature guitar in a way not typically heard in pop music of the day. Alex Lifeson deserves to be on the list because he not only has a fair amount of technical skill, but he introduced exciting new parts and tones not typically heard in macho rock guitar riffs of the day.
I think that the guitarist that is most like Alex Lifeson is Andy Summers of the Police, who also deserves a spot in the top 100. OK I LOOKED AT THE LIST.
I think you have to take this as as simple list, not as a ranking from worst to best.
It doesn't make sense if you approach it as #1 being the best.
If you read it that way, you would be forced to admit that Prince is a better guitarist than Randy Rhoads and Johnny Marr and many others--which doesn't make a whole lot of sense. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Hurricain Lv
7 5 years ago Good question.
A "greatest guitarist" list that ranks Alex Lifeson that low pretty much destroys their own credibility.
It's a joke and a crime to rank him outside the Top 20. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in morethan32characters Lv
5 5 years ago For the same reason JEFF BECK was not listed next following Mr. Jimi, where he so clearly belongs. **Update/Add...okay, I'm just back from looking at the publication's re-ordering of guitarists...I may return with a calculated rant...it remains an ongoing discussion.
Elated to see Mick Taylor in the top 40, btw. As for Holly and Lennon, remember of course that the at-the-time influential power of their styles and uniqueness (to whatever degree the argument will be stated) are taken into account.
As could be said for Bob Dylan, George Harrison and Neil Young to just pick three out of the air, for now. And don't even start me on the sheer lack of recognition as per the legendary David Gilmour. Certainly, Lifeson belongs top 50.
But always remember, the list is decided ultimately by those who set these things up in order to pull as much attention and controversy, thus ensuring the ever-aim of maximized sales. 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post ? 5 years ago There s some odd decisions in this list.... but how are at least some of these guys not even on it? Steve Vai Joe Satriani John Petrucci Tony MacAlpine Zakk Wylde Buckethead Yngwie Malmsteen Michael Schenker Tosin Abasi 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Johnny Lv
4 5 years ago Rolling Stone only talk about major bands. Theres plenty of guitarists from lesser known bands that should be in the top 50 let alone top 100. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bony Iommi Lv
7 5 years ago Nothing Rolling Stone publishes is to be trusted or respected -- it's a well-known fact hat Jan Wenner and other editors have a strong bias against certain bands and music styles.
Ritchie Blackmore and Robert Fripp are quite low on the list, and Steve Howe and Steve Hackett don't even appear -- how can I take that list seriously? 0 7 1 Login to reply the answers Post Brandon Lv
6 5 years ago People are assholes, that's why. Plus, Rolling Stone is quite stupid anyways, to echo what Darth Revan 1973 said. Just look at Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Albums of All Time" list to see their idiocy & lack of relevance. 2 1 1 ... Show all comments Johnny Lv
4 5 years ago Report Theres also no extreme metal whatsoever in the top 500. Login to reply the answers Post MissCherokee Lv
6 5 years ago Don't be offended. I have come to learn that what one would label the best guitarist , is some one's idea of what that is, not necessarily the right choice , popular choice or one I would agree with. We all have our own. I have many . There is room for my favs , don't have to be in the top 100 or in a list at all to be damn good. 1 1 1 Lv
7 5 years ago Report "Best" and "favorite" are two different things. Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (1) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Quickshot- What is a song you enjoy that you would like to share? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy mentioning a city or province from the amazing country of Canada!? 16 answers Quickshot- a song sung in English, but with a line or verse sung in another language? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy that mentions any city from the great European Continent? 34 answers What is your opinion on Alice Cooper? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Which is David Bowie's best album? What is it like to be in a band? What can I get my Boyfriend for his electric guitar? Si los Humanos perrean, los perros humanean? List some of the most underrated bands from the 1970s? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites