dOn't U hAtE wEn ppl tAlk LykE Dis? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago dOn't U hAtE wEn ppl tAlk LykE Dis? like honestly what is the point? i dont even get it... Answer Save 27 Answers Relevance glbnws 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I hate it. ii hAtee iiHtt eVeen m0Reee wHenn dHeyy mAkee iiHtt w0Rsee lykee h0ww iiHmm d0iinn iiHtt riiqhhtt n0www. That took blood, sweat and tears, man. Source(s):
My friends! 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post anika 4 years ago OMG yah i relli h8 it wen ppl talk like dat all the tym. Yeah, it's getting annoying. My friends wonder why I don't text them but it's usually because ^ they talk like that. I can't stand it. It's dumb and I can't see the point in it. It also bothers me when, Just because they wanna change the word to seem "cool" they will add more letters or change the word to make it look stupider...Example. My=Mah Yeah= Yah What's= Watz 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Yes! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ☼PeNeLoPe JoNeS☼ Lv
4 1 decade ago Bunch of lazies 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago omg i hate that. you can barely read it.... it probably takes more time anyways to figure out how you want it to look than type it normally 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago YES! i have a hard time reading it >:l 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ... 1 decade ago i HATE that! it's so annoying because everyone does it now! what is the point? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post FoSho Lv
4 1 decade ago Yes, it just shows immaturity. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post i♥the
OAKLAND
ATHLETICS Lv
7 1 decade ago Yeah, it gets annoying. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Yeah i hate it 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (17) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Wanna play a game? Simple rules in description? 21 answers True or false: part of you belongs in Canada? 60 answers What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 88 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 58 answers Are you juicy? 47 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who is your favorite world leader currently? True/false: rape is about power, not sexual attraction ? True or false, you can't be attractive with braces if you are a woman? I hate you ? Are these goals good? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites