question about this season's Season Finale of American Chopper Senior Vs Junior? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Television Reality Television
·
8 years ago question about this season's Season Finale of American Chopper Senior Vs Junior? i wasnt able to watch the finale due to not being home,whatd i miss? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Craziee Panda Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer Jr. and Sr. had a talk at the end of the show and basically Junior accused his father of not changing as a person. With no change, they cant move forward. Senior did apologize to his son for any pain he put on him. However, the father also indicated that the meeting was a waste as everything was left open ended, while Junior felt it was a step forward to reconciliation but says he is not sure if he can ever move forward with a father son relationship again since they still arent living in the same world / realm. Jr did say that his father's apologize is a "start". Anyways, they ended the conversation by saying that perhaps they can open up their relationship by doing something "charitable" together but Jr was to initiate and resume talks when he is ready. After 1 week, Senior calls Junior on the phone and propose they build a bike together for a charity of his choice. Junior hesitates, and the TV cuts off before we see his answer. I guess that is for next season for us to find out. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are contestants on the Wheel of Fortune required to buy vowels during the game? 5 answers Was this real or fake? 5 answers Are there any people who voted for Trump that won't be voting for him again? 8 answers Hi about casting ? 4 answers Why are contestants allowed to phone a friend in "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" Isn't that cheating? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Alguien sabe porque no doblaron al español las demás temporadas (3-6) de Endurance (A toda prueba), y si las doblaron donde las puedo ver? How does one of the biggest star on the planet who   Virtual Reality World own a large Estate and a large Assignment  railroaded ? ? Who in your opinion was the worst judge on worst cooks of America ? Come January, when donald trump (aka Agent Orange) is out of office, what will his new reality TV show be called? My grandma said that people would be surprised that I have such a nice home and car because I’m black and it bothered me? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites