Who sings this 90s song? Title- "Thank You"? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Music Lyrics
·
1 decade ago Who sings this 90s song? Title- "Thank You"? I remember the artists were called "____ and ____". I think they're Canadian artists.
A part of their lyrics goes like this: "for the common ground that you share with me" HUGE props if you can figiure it out! Please help! This is killing me! Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer 'Thank You' by McMaster and James I remember what you said that day
you said, be careful what you wish for baby
'cos it's a crazy world outside
but you've always got a place to hide
CHORUS
well you showed me things that I'd never seen
gave me something that I could believe
all the love you give it's a healing thing
and I thank you (I thank you baby) for the common ground
that you shared with me
for the higher ground where you lifted me
now I come to you and you comfort me
and I thank you (I thank you baby) I, I, I thank you I, I, I thank you
there were chances that I had to take
and mistakes that I just had to make
California dreams don't all come true
but I could always count on you
CHORUS
I remember what you said that day
you always know just what to say
I was blind but now I see
thank you for, forgiving me
CHORUS 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bible Lv
4 4 years ago possibly the singer for a Melodic metallic band, such through fact the extra moderen stuff from Soilwork. somewhat nonetheless, i'd quite be on the guitar, bass, or drums. Capricorn solar in the eighth residing house Aries Moon Gemini becoming 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post !!! Lv
4 1 decade ago Sounds like Natalie Merchant I think the song was called "Kind and Generous". I remember a part of it goes "I'm bound to thank you for it....." Sorry I don't think I'm right but that's the only song I can think of that sounds like what you want. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jedi Tabby Lv
5 1 decade ago alanis morrisette sang "thank you" 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Raelynn 1 decade ago alanis morrisette maybe? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it bad to like a song in a different language that you don’t understand ? 6 answers name a song with the word eyes in it? 46 answers I can't figure out this stupid song! Help please? 5 answers In the Springsteen song " The River" does the protagonist in the song drive down to the river at the end of the song to kill his baby ? 7 answers Suggest a good song? 17 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What's the name of this song? Is Zip-a-dee-doo-dah, zip-a-dee-ay My, oh, my, what a wonderful day" considered to be a racist song? A white coworker was goofing off and? I need help identifying a song? What are the lyrics of the English language song? Can we start making new songs to
Help people feel better and subtly
Educate them on what they need
To know? Like kids need a mom
And father.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites