Best sound quality Keyboard? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Mimi Mimi
asked in
Entertainment & Music Music Other - Music
·
1 decade ago Best sound quality Keyboard? I am looking to get a keyboard to start learning the piano since i dont have enough room for the real thing just yet, I was wondering which keyboard has the best sound quality, as in, which one sounds most like a piano. Im not looking for beats or anything like that just the sound quality. Thank you! Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance cat Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer ANY Yamaha PSR in the series.
PSR means POLY SYNTHESIZED RHYTHM. Poly means five and that means if you push down five fingers you'll get five sounds (Its a music word, the keyboard will actually let you play about eighteen sounds at once before it "Drops out") Synthesized means that yamaha recorded real instrument sounds and then placed the data on the computer chip inside the keyboard.
This means that when you select one of the instrument sounds it will sound exactly like the real thing.
Especially if you plug the keyboard into an amp. Rhythm means that they recorded real drummers. You want the second cheapest one they have.
NOT the cheapest one because it has things missing off it.
And if you buy from the third model up you'll be buying things you dont need and spending money you dont need to. Unfortunately I cant give you the exact model number because yamaha changes the number every year and they're different in every country.
Phone a shop that sells Yamaha and ASK them for the model number (NOT THE NET!) Ask for this:
YAMAHA PSR
"Not the cheapest one, what's the model number one up from that one?
My friend has one and I want the EXACT SAME ONE and...." It'll cost about $300 but you wont beat the sound quality on this unless you go to real keyboards that we use on stage/studio. DONT get another brand (like casio) they're cheaper, but theres a reason for that. All the best Cat Source(s):
Professional muso(keyboards)/songwriter 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Depends what sound you're going for. Real Piano sound? Get a Real Piano with a REAAAL good microphone, make sure your room is soundproofed also. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Most Emotional Song Ever? 7 answers Musical instruments Flute question? 5 answers Are you additcted to some song? 7 answers How much does a decent electric guitar cost (for beginners)? 6 answers Is it ok for a 10 year old to listen to explicit music? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions thousend pedals it could be possible with a guitar I had 25 pedals I chsnged for a leonard I use the booster marshall amplifier distortion? all of me piano. what is best tone on the keyboard for this song? How do I get the string out of a machine head? I am looking for a song titled “Melissa” I believe...? Cómo se llama la canción con la que se despide Lucero en la Plaza México? al final de la canción "Volver volver"? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites