I am seventeen going on eighteen? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
8 years ago I am seventeen going on eighteen? Do you need someone older and wiser telling you what to do? Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Scorpio Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer i'm 48 and been hearing stuff like that for the last 40 years, yes you do. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Shenzii The Bulletproof Alpha Lv
6 8 years ago I am 16 going on 17, I know that I'm naive People I meet may tell me I'm sweet and WILLingly I believe! I need some one older and wiser telling me what to do... You are 17 going on 18, I WIIILL DE-PEND on you :D I sang that :D 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago You are seventeen, going on eighteen, I'm prepared for you. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post heyo 8 years ago when you turn 18 i reccomend experimenting with new stuff to make money and balance life in your own way, an older person guiding you through it may not work for you. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in இƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒஇ ✿Alice✿ இƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒஇ 8 years ago Listening always helps. And consider what they've said before doing stuff. It is somehow useful. :) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jason 8 years ago Old er people tend to know what's best for you. Since your still young, but an adult, people can take advantage of you. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago 18....? Jackpot!!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Not with your red hair you don't. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago me too, no I don't, it bugs me. :\ :)) 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 48 answers Are you boring? 44 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 28 answers Do you have to get drunk on Saturday nights? 26 answers Are you juicy? 24 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it a bad thing to marry outside of your race ? Do you consider yourself fat? What weight and height is fat? What’s the importance of Number 9? ✨? Is making 70k in your early 30s a good salary? Low salary? Or ok salary? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites