does it boggle the mind? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products percsdisco Lv
4 percsdisco
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago does it boggle the mind? how someone who's only been a member a month is a top contributor? Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance ɸ Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Meh. Look at Judas Rabbi. He has the most points then ayone else, yet hes not a top contributor. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Senator D*L*P™ Lv
5 1 decade ago Not really when you think about the behind the scenes work that someone is pulling. Like I've said before. It seems like we're in one bigass game of Clue. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post kitty kat 1 decade ago They don't have a life and sit here answering questions all day long. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bowsgirl1 Lv
7 1 decade ago yep but oh well, hope they are having fun 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in jacemo Lv
6 1 decade ago yes, very good point 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Girl Machine Lv
7 1 decade ago It's not what you know, it's who you know! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago no, because they ask stupid pointless questions like that 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post No Drama for this Queen Lv
5 1 decade ago They are good, real good... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post taco_man_747 Lv
6 1 decade ago no. they just have good answers. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Wanna play a game? Simple rules in description? 21 answers True or false: part of you belongs in Canada? 60 answers What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 88 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 58 answers Are you juicy? 47 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Any white female on here? Where were you back when Lord Kathy was scoring 50 points a game for the Chicago Bulls? Are these goals good? Poll: Do you like small town or big cities? Why? will you help me reach my goal of 3.2 million dollars to start my Empire? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites