Is it possible to juggle underwater? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products zingis Lv
6 zingis
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago Is it possible to juggle underwater? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Goldberry Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer ....never tried it....so I don't know....usually juggle in my underwear.....(standing by the bed, you see....so it is not so hard to retrieve the ball.....I do contact juggling.....just one ball with lots of optical illusions) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tigger Lv
7 1 decade ago I bet I could since I can't juggle out of the water. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Amanda S 1 decade ago Yes. You could use scarves, or anything that wouldn't float quickly or fall quickly in water. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago No. That wouldn't work. The balls would either float or sink. Either way, they're not doing what they need to be doing. Source(s):
Central High School Juggling Club
Temple University Juggling Club
Oh Yeah! 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in naughty Lv
6 1 decade ago Anything is possible with this peculiar animal the"human". 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kimo Lv
7 1 decade ago don't think so but never tried it 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Wanna play a game? Simple rules in description? 21 answers True or false: part of you belongs in Canada? 60 answers What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 88 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 58 answers Are you juicy? 47 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are these goals good? Where were you back when Lord Kathy was scoring 50 points a game for the Chicago Bulls? Who is your favorite world leader currently? I hate you ? True/false: rape is about power, not sexual attraction ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites