Oldies Country.. whats the name and who sings this song... theres a part were it says... Im gunna hire a Wyno? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products a b a b
asked in
Entertainment & Music Music
·
1 decade ago Oldies Country.. whats the name and who sings this song... theres a part were it says... Im gunna hire a Wyno? gunna hire a wyno to decorate my home
lalalllala ???? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance besitos2610 Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I'm Gonna Hire A Wino To Decorate Our Home" and it's sung by David Frizzell. I came crawling home last night, like many nights before I finally made it to my feet as she opened up the door And she said, "You're not gonna do this anymore." She said: "I'm gonna hire a wino to decorate our home "So you'll feel more at ease here, and you won't have to roam "We'll take out the dining room table, and put a bar along that wall "And a neon sign to point the way to our bathroom down the hall." She said: "Just bring your Friday paycheck, and I'll cash them all right here "And I'll keep on tap, for all your friends, their favorite kinds of beer "And for you, I'll always keep in stock those soft aluminum cans "And when you're feeling macho, you can crush them like a man." She said: "We'll rip out all the carpet, and put sawdust on the floor "Serve hard boiled eggs and pretzels, and I won't cook no more "There'll be Monday night football, on TV above the bar "And a pay phone in the hallway, when your friends can't find their car." She said: "I'm gonna hire a wino to decorate our home "So you'll feel more at ease here, and you won't have to roam "We'll take out the dining room table, and put a bar along that wall "And a neon sign to point the way to our bathroom down the hall." She said: "You'll get friendly service, and for added atmosphere "I'll slip on something sexy, and I'll cut it clear to here "Then you can slap my bottom, every time you tell a joke "Just as long as you keep tipping, well, I'll laugh until you're broke." She said: "Instead of family quarrels, we'll have a barroom brawl "When the Hamm's bear say's it's closing time, you won't have far to crawl "And when you run out of money, you'll have me to thank "You can sleep it off next morning, when I'm putting it in the bank." She said: "I'm gonna hire a wino to decorate our home "So you can feel more at ease here, and you won't have to roam "When you and your friends get off from work, and have a powerful thirst "There won't be any reason why you can't stop off here first." She said: "I'm gonna hire a wino to decorate our home "So you'll feel more at ease here, and you won't have to roam "We'll take out the dining room table, and put a bar along that wall "And a neon sign to point the way to our bathroom down the hall." 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Heady S 1 decade ago David Frizzell Source(s):
wikipedia 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ☼CubsFan☼ Lv
6 1 decade ago "I'm Gonna Hire A Wino" David Frizzle 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post austine Lv
4 4 years ago this is Simon and Garfunkel and the music call is u.s.. here is the lyrics... "enable us to be fans, we are going to marry our fortunes mutually i've got have been given some authentic materials here in my bag" So we offered a %. of cigarettes and Mrs. Wagner pies And walked off to seek for u.s. "Kathy," I mentioned as we boarded a Greyhound in Pittsburgh "Michigan appears like a dream to me now" It took me 4 days to hitchhike from Saginaw i've got come to seek for u.s. guffawing on the bus enjoying video games with the faces She mentioned the guy interior the gabardine fit substitute right into a secret agent I mentioned "be careful, his bowtie is incredibly a digicam" "Toss me a cigarette, i think of there is one in my raincoat" "We smoked the final one an hour in the past" So I regarded on our surroundings, she examine her mag And the moon rose over an open field "Kathy, i'm lost," I mentioned, nonetheless I knew she substitute into dozing "i'm empty and aching and that i do no longer understand why" Counting the autos on the hot Jersey Turnpike they have all come to seek for u.s. All come to seek for u.s. All come to seek for u.s. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Quickshot- What is a song you enjoy that you would like to share? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy mentioning a city or province from the amazing country of Canada!? 16 answers Quickshot- a song sung in English, but with a line or verse sung in another language? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy that mentions any city from the great European Continent? 34 answers What is your opinion on Alice Cooper? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How do you rate this metal rock song? Is it possible for a 4 year old child to sing the national anthem? What can I get my Boyfriend for his electric guitar? Si los Humanos perrean, los perros humanean? Which Lou Reed  solo album has his best vocals? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites