Whats this movie called? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Movies
·
7 years ago Whats this movie called? I just remember this one scene. The movie is about this robot who looked like a man (like the terminator living tissue over a metal endoskeleton) and he kidnapped a woman and he had her at this house and she escaped and pretended to drown in this lake so he would think she's dead and the robot guy was sad. Its a little bit older probably early 90's or late 80's. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Gumby Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Do you remember anything else at all? Describe this robot guy.
Russell Crowe was an android in Virtuosity (1995) Then there's the Vindicator (1986) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you watch any 80s movies name a good one? 11 answers What was your favorite James Bond movie ? 9 answers Does the movie, Gone With The Wind, offend you? 18 answers Movies Section: Who are your top 5 favorite characters played by Johnny Depp? 20 answers What sequels or prequels were better than the originals? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Hi, can someone tell me what is the name of this program to make music, I saw it in the movie We are your friends? Movie where a bird statues eats the skin of a man whos asleep? What was a bootlegged VHS tape? name of old horror movie? Any recommendations for a summer blockbuster movie? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites