Russel from Survivor Samoa..? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Riley Lv
5 Riley
asked in
Entertainment & Music Television Reality Television
·
1 decade ago Russel from Survivor Samoa..? Does anyone else think he is gross to look at? I'm sorry, but I really do not need to see his belly, and what's south of it. He could seriously cover up a bit .. I don't know how the other contestants eat around him ! I've heard people say that they think he's been planted there by the producers; that he's not real; and they're telling him what to do & the cheats of the game.
That would be completely unfair, but it's not completely impossible. It makes me really mad that he got out Besty and Marisa; two really intelligent and likeable people..
Any thoughts on him? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The white Russell (the black one is cool) makes me irritable to even look at him.
He thinks he is so high and mighty above all the rest when he is actually the lowest of the parasites on the bottom of a sewer pond.
I can't wait until the cast mates are on to him and snuff his fire out! ***I do admit he does add drama to the show but he is so ugly and unbearable to watch if I'm eating popcorn (or anything). 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post kincaid1 Lv
7 1 decade ago He is pretty nasty to look at - especially when he smiles and you see the gaping hole where a tooth is missing on the side of his mouth.
I highly doubt that he owns an oil company. otherwise he would have had that tooth replaced a long time ago. I thought it was gutsy when he found the immunity idol right in front of everyone. He's also being smart by letting everyone else get into it, and he stays quiet.
That takes the target off Russell.
He seems to be slimming down a bit, but he's the type of person who has no modesty and thinks his body is out of this world. I think he is the type of person any reality show would look for - he is someone you love to hate. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Julia III Lv
5 1 decade ago Those tite shorts or underwear he wears reveal a lot more than I want to see, thank you. And no, I don't think the producers planted him but they were probably delighted when they interviewed him and found out what an egotistical jerk he was.
Makes for good reality TV.
We're talking about him aren't we?
And you gotta admit, everyone else on this season's show is kind of bland.
Nice, but no drama. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Samone 1 decade ago Well I love Russel. But you're right he is gross to look at..I would love if he wore pants all the time. He makes it exciting..and it's funny that he is getting whatever he wants. I don't think he was planted there but I do think when he auditioned for the show he probably told them straight up that he is already a billionaire and just wants to stir up the game...it's good t.v! 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are contestants on the Wheel of Fortune required to buy vowels during the game? 5 answers Was this real or fake? 5 answers Are there any people who voted for Trump that won't be voting for him again? 8 answers Hi about casting ? 4 answers Why are contestants allowed to phone a friend in "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" Isn't that cheating? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Constitution is the mainreference for eticsespeciallyfor non nomarativeeticsandmetaetics? is there a mental illness for people who have a hard time distorting reality? My grandma said that people would be surprised that I have such a nice home and car because I’m black and it bothered me? Do people in reality truly hate each other or were they all just taught it.? Come January, when donald trump (aka Agent Orange) is out of office, what will his new reality TV show be called? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites