Why do people have to type "lyke diz"? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Moxie Crimefighter Moxie Crimefighter
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago Why do people have to type "lyke diz"? Do they not realize they look/sound ridiculous? I don't think I hate anything more on the Internet, than people "wryting der queztionz lyke diz an axing wut u tink about sumting". IDIOTS! Answer Save 12 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer They write it like that because that's how it sounds when they say it out loud, they don't realize they won't get a star for it from their grade 1 teacher because she doesn't tend to the weak ones. Source(s):
P.S. Wanna get bombed tonight? 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago because of fact they lack the skill to alter fonts, which could be used to particular themselves previous the content fabric of the text fabric they're typing. I agree, it seems dumb. the attempt required to study that form of text fabric isn't well worth it. As for the spelling subject concerns, I blame spell verify and text fabric messaging. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Angel Eve Lv
6 1 decade ago I hate that too... I think its just a warning of their age and what type of question they will ask and I usually avoid answering questions that are spelled like that. I dont take anyone seriously who types like that, or WORSE>>> talks like that! 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post inquisitor1125 1 decade ago Because its the new "thing".
I dont think they are idiots people have different ways of expressing themselves whether it is in typing, talking, dancing, singing or whatever, that doesnt make them idiots though. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Celebrity girl Lv
7 1 decade ago I think alot of kids like to write like that because its cool or something,I'm 27,what do I know? 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post GirlinNB Lv
6 1 decade ago I agree with you 100%.
Shows how the educational system stopped working and stopped caring, doesn't it? 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post x Lv
7 1 decade ago They're making a typo about a lesbian named Elizabeth. It should be "dyke Liz." 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago cuz dey thinkk it makes em look creative.
i think it make's them look dumb. and that was an example of how they type.
i don't really type like that. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago coz itz eazya 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post bdbarbie Lv
6 1 decade ago I agree with you! It is very annoying! 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (2) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Wanna play a game? Simple rules in description? 21 answers True or false: part of you belongs in Canada? 60 answers What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 88 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 58 answers Are you juicy? 47 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions True/false: rape is about power, not sexual attraction ? Any white female on here? will you help me reach my goal of 3.2 million dollars to start my Empire? Where were you back when Lord Kathy was scoring 50 points a game for the Chicago Bulls? How many are going to rape me? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites