Whats your favorite Tribute album? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Bored @ Work Lv
6 Bored @ Work
asked in
Entertainment & Music Music Rock and Pop
·
1 decade ago Whats your favorite Tribute album? Answer Save 22 Answers Relevance Buzzkill Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I adore the Duran Duran Tribute album - Goldfinger covering "Rio" and Deftones covering "The Chauffeur"...priceless! I think it's safe to say that Temple of the Dog was a tribute album as well (though the songs weren't covers) so that definitely qualifies. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Huevo Lv
6 1 decade ago Although it's already been named, If I Were A Carpenter was great......Sonic Youth with Superstar, Shonen Knife doing Top Of The World, American Music Club's version of Goodbye To Love was great Also, though as a whole the R.E.M. tribute album Surprise Your Pig is fairly bad, I do like a few covers, especially the J Church performing Rockville, and Vic Chestnut's The End Of The World is an interesting concept. Jane Henry mentioned the Roky Erickson tribute too.
I totally dig Bongwater's version of You Don't Love Me Yet. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Mine would be
Spin The Bottle: A Tribute to KISS Welcome To The Nightmare: A Tribute to Alice Cooper 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jane Henry 1 decade ago Where The Pyramid Meets The Eye a tribute to Roky Erickson 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Wood Smoke ~ Free2Bme! Lv
6 1 decade ago Johnny's Blues: A Tribute To Johnny Cash Source(s):
imo 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post konarttis 1 decade ago Violent World - A Tribute to the Misfits 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dani G Lv
7 1 decade ago Stoned Immaculate, Tribute to the Doors 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Andy 1 decade ago Although this might not be the type of tribute album you mean, I really like Ozzy's live album Tribute which is a live recording WITH Randy Rhoads, released FOR Randy Rhoads. So it's a tribute and dedication I guess you could say. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Common Thread - Tribute to the Eagles I don't particularly care for the Eagles, but their songs are pretty good when performed by someone else. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago "Sabbatum" by Rondellus. It's a Black Sabbath tribute done by an Estonian folk group, on medieval instruments, with vocals that sound like Gregorian chant. Oh, and the lyrics are translated into Latin. Trippy and heavy in its way- I listen to it all the time, and I like stuff like Mastodon, Sahg, and Corrosion of Conformity! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (12) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Quickshot- What is a song you enjoy that you would like to share? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy mentioning a city or province from the amazing country of Canada!? 16 answers Quickshot- a song sung in English, but with a line or verse sung in another language? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy that mentions any city from the great European Continent? 34 answers What is your opinion on Alice Cooper? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Name your top ten favorite white female singers? How big a hit was Black Velvet? What is it like to be in a band? PLEASE!! Help me remember a song from Kerrang TV?!? Which Lou Reed  solo album has his best vocals? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites