What happened to the TV show called "Medium"with Patricia Arquette? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Joshua Lv
6 Joshua
asked in
Entertainment & Music Television
·
1 decade ago What happened to the TV show called "Medium"with Patricia Arquette? Medium used to be on Mondays @ 9:00PM
here in Winnipeg. Haven't seen it at this time for quite a while. Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance agata 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Medium third season debut has been push back to january 2007 follow this link to find out why.
http://www.tvseriesfinale.com/2006/10/medium_did_n... Source(s):
http://www.tvseriesfinale.com 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post LindaLou Lv
7 1 decade ago I just watched it tonight at 9:00pm (Eastern time in Ontario) on the W network.
I think it may have be a re-run though, but I'd never seen it.
Love that show! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post smkwtrjck Lv
4 1 decade ago Season Premiere is Wednesday Nov 15th10/9c on NBC Source(s):
http://www.nbc.com/Medium/ 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Alessa Lv
4 1 decade ago I just saw a commercial yesterday that said a new episode was coming on Nov. 15 and that it will be on Wednesday's now. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Kate T. Lv
7 1 decade ago It will be back on nbc in january 2007 cause of football (like anybody ever watches that on mon nights anymore). I hate the fact that football outweighs some things on t.v. hello some of us hate football. good luck and god bless. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post pixles Lv
5 1 decade ago It is coming back on Wednesday's in November. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post lexandhawk 1 decade ago idk....but the re-runs come on lifetime (ch 29) but im not sure what time 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It probably got cancelled because EVERY SHOW HAD THE EXACT SAME STORY!!! 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post sweetirsh Lv
5 1 decade ago It will be back on air soon. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Citizen 1 decade ago It'll be back soon. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions After watching American dramas I wish I was American, is USA really as cool as they show in TV shows like pretty little liars ? 6 answers All lives matter vs black lives matter. What are your thoughts? 16 answers Why aren't women just as funny as men? Why are female comedians bad at comedy? 6 answers I'm so sick and tired of hearing about black lives matter. I think I'll move to Canada. Maybe I wont hear? 8 answers who is your favourite TV character of all time and why? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions When does tosh.0o season 12 air?
It said it was released March 17th but I can't find an episodes or information ?if it was delayed or not? What do they mean by crimes against nature? How is the shooting of pilot episodes of TV shows? Are the actors paid for participating in the pilot episode? How old do I have to be to perform stand up comedy at a bar? Is Spongebob Squarepants a lot like Rocko's Modern Life? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites