Is Brett Clouser from Survivor Samoa gay? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Lalala (: Lalala (:
asked in
Entertainment & Music Television Reality Television
·
1 decade ago Is Brett Clouser from Survivor Samoa gay? Is he gay? Because when asking Mick about the bro-date thingy I was sure he was just joking around. It really shocked me. Plus a lot of people are saying that he is. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Aiko K 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Haha, I'm pretty sure he's not. (He's just so cute~!) <33 In his bio, he says he's flirtatious with the ladies. And I think in his interview in RealityBlurred, he talked about his old girlfriend.
Haha, yeahh, I was kinda shocked when he asked that question too. (What does it have to do with the game??) But he looked so cute asking it. xDD And I think the reasoning behind that questions was because he probably didn't have a close connection to Mick out there in Samoa, so he asked that question to see how Mick saw him as a 'human being.' 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post shindler Lv
4 4 years ago Brett Clouser Source(s):
https://shorte.im/bbR69 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I was wondering about that too. I'm pretty sure that Brett asked Mick that to see if Mick had actually taken the time to get to know him. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago In his bio on the website it said he was very flirtatious with the ladies, so I would think not. Also PLENTY of straight guys have 'bro dates', it doesn't mean anything gay at all.
If it were gay, it would simply be a 'date'. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago No hes not, he was probally just joking. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post ha Lv
7 1 decade ago No, it was a joke. You didn't get it? haha :) 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are contestants on the Wheel of Fortune required to buy vowels during the game? 5 answers Was this real or fake? 5 answers Are there any people who voted for Trump that won't be voting for him again? 8 answers Hi about casting ? 4 answers Why are contestants allowed to phone a friend in "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" Isn't that cheating? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Constitution is the mainreference for eticsespeciallyfor non nomarativeeticsandmetaetics? is there a mental illness for people who have a hard time distorting reality? Do people in reality truly hate each other or were they all just taught it.? Who in your opinion was the worst judge on worst cooks of America ? How does one of the biggest star on the planet who   Virtual Reality World own a large Estate and a large Assignment  railroaded ? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites