EVERYONE: Do you think anonymity brings out the best or the worst in people? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Fille Incendie Lv
4 Fille Incendie
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
9 years ago EVERYONE: Do you think anonymity brings out the best or the worst in people? Update : Do you think that if people are anonymous they will use it as an excuse to be rude or voice their opinions truthfully Update 2 : @ Carol KK... not sure what you're talking about. Care to clarify hahah Update 3 : Ohhh... well my name is obviously not actually reeces pieces. but who puts their real name? But i do love the candy. Update 4 : O hahah i didn't guess that was a band. I though you were saying that I was lying about my real name.... lol Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance sandra dee Lv
5 9 years ago Favorite Answer both. and they're kinda the same. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Neither, it brings out the true you; the you you're too scared to show in the real world because it may not be 'socially acceptable.' The way people act online is the way they wish they could act in reality, because that's how they truly are. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Carol Kk 9 years ago omggg reaces pieces -- little white lie, or food? loool ok im going to explain, there is like these mini series on youtube called little white lie, and there is sort of a band with the name reaces pieces there, so i was just asking if your name was refering to the food, or to the "band", capiche? xD 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Well, obviously it brings out the worst. Although, I'm also inclined to say neither as well, it brings out the brutal truth. Humans are pretty judgmental when they KNOW they can get away with it. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 3 years ago of route now not, that's a strange generalization. all human beings in the process this global does now not use the cyber cyber web. And there replaced into no such component as cyber cyber web interior of the olden days. yet, many human beings then and many human beings now are nasty. that's their strategies-set and habit. And on a broader attitude, its possibly part of the stability of lifestyles and every thing else. every thing can't and will now not be solid, one thing nasty and undesirable has to stability it. imagine a international comprehensive of clergymen and nuns and clergymen and saints, how unappealing would that be! people who prefer to be nameless would desire to alter into nasty on line, yet these into emailing, social networking and working a blog can't be nasty because of the certainty they've their family individuals and associates on their debts. Thieves, traitors, murderers are all nameless nasty human beings, even if on line or offline. Edit: The solutions on your further info lie in my unique textual content fabric itself. yet nonetheless i would desire to feature, that competitiveness and survival is inherent in human nature. plenty many distinct issues which includes mating, being social are additionally inherent and no individual teaches us every thing. if you experience that human beings are extra usually nasty, then appear at animals and mammals. After close observance, you will understand a great variety of nastiness and insecurities in them too. And in any case, we are animals, in basic terms a plenty better kind. nonetheless i do now not agree that 0.5 human beings or plenty extra are nasty. we are in a position to imagine and picture, now in contrast to distinct residing beings. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Definitely the worst... you wouldn't see people trolling outside the Interwebz in the real world, would you? 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Just Tan Stewie bein Tan Stewie Lv
4 9 years ago Both But more so worse. because people can say what ever they want when their unknown 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Junkie 9 years ago both 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Travis 9 years ago huh? 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 48 answers Are you boring? 44 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 28 answers Do you have to get drunk on Saturday nights? 26 answers Are you juicy? 24 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What weight and height is fat? What was your dream job? Is making 70k in your early 30s a good salary? Low salary? Or ok salary? I want to buy her something!!! But I don't have any money! I don't have any monneyyy? Can I beat Dark Souls by playing solo only? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites