Organic misery, or synthetic ecstasy? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products I Heart Dead Things I Heart Dead Things
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago Organic misery, or synthetic ecstasy? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Rowan Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Organic misery I guess.
But can I have a little synthetic ecstasy every now and again? 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Organic misery for sure...just sounds better. I've had ecstasy both organic and synthetic, and I'd rather go without if it's not the real thing..... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The organic ecstasy sounds good too though.
Or maybe two of each for a start. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Organic misery 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Ajsansker Lv
7 1 decade ago Is that even a real choice? I'd rather live the lie than the truth any day of the week. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Are you asking this question because I wore a polyester Leisure Suit to your funeral? FYI, cotton give me cooties and wool gives me warm fuzzies. Give me petroleum extracts next to my skin and I'm ecstatic. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post kindofkitty Lv
6 1 decade ago hmmm, I plead the Fifth. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 48 answers Are you boring? 44 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 28 answers Do you have to get drunk on Saturday nights? 26 answers Are you juicy? 24 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What’s the importance of Number 9? ✨? What weight and height is fat? How are ni#gers created? What do you know about the star ⭐️ Sirius ? ✨? Is it a bad thing to marry outside of your race ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites