NigaHiga vs. Fred vs. Bo Burnham? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago NigaHiga vs. Fred vs. Bo Burnham? Favourite Youtube stars? Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Buzz - Darwindidit Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer NigaHiga are hilarious! I don't like Fred at all, actually... He has an annoying voice... 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Allison Lv
4 4 years ago I like both Nigahiga and Kevjumba. But if I had to choose... I would pick Nigahiga. Now that guy's got talent! Fred? Why is he even on here? I think his voice is a little weird, and he's hard to understand since he speaks so fast. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ................ Lv
7 1 decade ago NigaHiga 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kissshinee Lv
4 1 decade ago Nigahiga
did you know nigahiga beat fred? nigahigais number one now! 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago i hate fred nigahiga 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Josalyn Lv
7 1 decade ago Bo Burnham is hilarious! 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Doppel Gänger Lv
6 1 decade ago I guess NigaHiga. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Psh, Shane Dawson, or Reckless Turtuga. Cheers x. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Amy Lv
6 1 decade ago Nigahiga, I love his vids :D some of his best were deleted tho :( stupid copyright people 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Wanna play a game? Simple rules in description? 21 answers True or false: part of you belongs in Canada? 60 answers What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 88 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 58 answers Are you juicy? 47 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are these goals good? Poll: Do you like to get married someday or just stay single? True/false: rape is about power, not sexual attraction ? I hate you ? Where were you back when Lord Kathy was scoring 50 points a game for the Chicago Bulls? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites