did leia ever save luke in star wars? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products John John
asked in
Entertainment & Music Movies
·
1 decade ago did leia ever save luke in star wars? Update : thanks for the answers but my english class is only doin episodes 4 and 6 Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Big Dumb Ape 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I'm going to take the emotional high road and say she does "save Luke", but in a much larger way than most people give her credit for. Leia saves Luke PHYSICALLY in the following ways: 1)
In STAR WARS, during the prisoner cell block rescue, Leia is the one who blasts a hole in the corridor wall allowing Luke, Han, Chewie and herself to escape into the trash compactor. 2)
After they get out of the compactor and the group gets split up (when they're spotted by Stormtroopers), remember that when Luke and Leia come to the open gap (that they eventually swing across) it's Leia who has to blast away at stormtroopers in order to protect Luke while he frantically pulls out the belt rope cable. 3) In EMPIRE, an argument could be made that she inadvertantly saves Luke when she decides to stay on Hoth till the bitter end. When Han charges into the command center and grabs her and says that it's over -- and they fly off in the Millennium Falcon -- remember that THAT is what causes the Star Destroyers break formation over Hoth in order to chase the Falcom.
Which in turn gives the other smaller Rebel ships a chance to escape...which included Luke in his X-Wing. 4) And at the conclusion of EMPIRE, Leia is the one who senses through the Force that Luke is in touble, and she is the one who makes Lando turn the Falcon around in order save him when he's badly wounded and hanging off an antenna. But as I said, that's saving him physically.
However, I would argue that it's in JEDI that Leia truly "saves" Luke in a more complete and EMOTIONAL way... When Luke is feeling conflicted on Endor, and he's trying to put everything into perspective, remember that it's his talk with Leia on the Ewok bridge at night (when he asks what she remembers about her mother) -- as well as the revelation that they're brother and sister -- that emotionally pushes Luke into realizing that he does have to go back and face Vader, and that he does have to try and save him. Futhermore, during the final lightsaber fight, Vader was more than holding his own and was actually winning.
Just to catch his breath Luke takes refuge in the shadows behind a steel column.
But it was only when Vader taunted Luke about Leia -- noting that if he wouldn't join the Dark Side then perhaps she would -- that Luke's love for his sister gave him a renewed emotional burst of energy.
The thought of his sister being captured, tortured, or even turned to the Dark Side is what makes him yell "Noooo!" and charge at Vader...to go back on the offense...which leads to him winning the fight. So, in that regard and in that powerful moment, that's when Leia actually "saves" Luke the most. Their bond and their love is what actually gives him the emotional strength to defeat Vader, and to then stand tall and defy the Emperor as well. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post FUNdie Lv
7 1 decade ago She got them into the garbage compactor, which may or may not have been a good thing, but at least it got them away from being shot at for a while! (Referring to herself) "Somebody has to save our skins."
She also rescued him when he was hanging underneath the Cloud City in ESB, because she heard his call telepathically. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ☺♥♦Have A Laugh♣♠☻™ Lv
7 1 decade ago Not that I know of in the movies. . . The story goes on though beyond Episode 6. . . 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Lost Panda Lv
5 1 decade ago She went back for him to scoop him up as he hung beneath the cloud city in The Empire Strikes Back. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in iwishiwasajedi Lv
5 1 decade ago She got him out of the corridor into the garbage chute. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you watch any 80s movies name a good one? 11 answers What was your favorite James Bond movie ? 9 answers Does the movie, Gone With The Wind, offend you? 18 answers Movies Section: Who are your top 5 favorite characters played by Johnny Depp? 20 answers What sequels or prequels were better than the originals? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Any recommendations for a summer blockbuster movie? Why does Buzz Lightyear say lines that the other Buzz said in the Toy Story 2 video game ? Is actor Kevin Bacon just a one hit wonder known for Footloose? Hi, can someone tell me what is the name of this program to make music, I saw it in the movie We are your friends? What do you think of the movie "Irreversible 2002"? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites