Survivor samoa..........? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Television Reality Television
·
1 decade ago Survivor samoa..........? I have a question, on survivor are they only allowed like one item of clothing. I just finished watching samoa S19, and Natalie wore the same yellow dress for 39 days, with the same updo hair. The dres was a rag by the end, are they only allowed to wear what they com in on? Update : ALSO if you went on survivor, what item of clothing would you wear to last the potential 39 days? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance L ♥ L ♥ Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Generally I believe the contestants have the clothes they are wearing, plus a pair of tennis shoes and in the past they've been allowed one 'luxury' item from home. Something like a Bible, a hat.... The girls really rely on the buffs they get to exchange for wear as a tube top, something to cover up with. Their clothes do get nasty as all get out by the end of the first week and really disgusting by the end of 39 days. My item would be a pair of jean shorts I've had for 10 years...these things just won't die :) Source(s):
http://forums.televisionwithoutpity.com/index.php?...
An interesting read ^^ 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post kincaid1 Lv
7 1 decade ago Usually you will see that some of the contestants have layered their clothing.
Coach did that last season so he had a few different things (like a jacket) to wear with all the different weather they ran into (rain, rain, rain and sun & heat).
It just amazes me what some of them end up wearing once the game begins.
I remember one girl in a dress with high heels on, so you would think that they do not know the exact time that they will be leaving to their destination. I would wear a swimsuit with a tee shirt and then over that a sweater.
About 5 pairs of underwear, then over that would be shorts and a long pair of pants.
One pair of shoes will have to do. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are contestants on the Wheel of Fortune required to buy vowels during the game? 5 answers Was this real or fake? 5 answers Are there any people who voted for Trump that won't be voting for him again? 8 answers Hi about casting ? 4 answers Why are contestants allowed to phone a friend in "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" Isn't that cheating? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who in your opinion was the worst judge on worst cooks of America ? MTV's Challenge The  question, who do you want gone and you do want in the final? is there a mental illness for people who have a hard time distorting reality? My grandma said that people would be surprised that I have such a nice home and car because I’m black and it bothered me? How does one of the biggest star on the planet who   Virtual Reality World own a large Estate and a large Assignment  railroaded ? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites