Courage: The Cowardly Dog sucks!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products The-New-Pokemon-Fan The-New-Pokemon-Fan
asked in
Entertainment & Music Comics & Animation
·
7 years ago Courage: The Cowardly Dog sucks!? Can I get a negative opinion/rant/review of this masterpiece? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Chris 7 years ago Favorite Answer I watched season 1 of Courage, thinking that it was going to be another great cartoon cartoon by CN, but I was incorrect. It just wasn't ever funny. It wasn't even very creepy. As far as horror cartoons go, I put The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy way, way above Courage. AAAHHHH Real Monsters! beats it too. I also never felt very attached to the characters. I can't really explain why, because it's just plain difficult to, but I just didn't. I also think the series would be better if Courage didn't speak. I was expecting the animators to get crazy with some of the scares, and they never did. I thought that the expressions were extremely lackluster, considering the potential. The classic Courage scared face was decent, but it's all they ever did and used it as a crutch, I think. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Lovely 7 years ago I loved Courage the Cowardly Dog. Of course, Cartoon Network's 90's cartoons were all a bit exaggerated and strange. I mean, it has to do with taste too. I loved the cartoon mostly because I was child who suffered abuse. I learned through that show that even if I'm a scared little kid whose weak and vulnerable, I can still be strong and beat these 'demons'. I know your asking for a negative opinion, but I really can't find one! I was always obsessed with those horror-ish shows as a kid, and still am! So yeah, the monsters were really twisted (I think that giant foot freaked me out the most) but you just have to remember, that show had a better influence on children then not. People who argue against this show often forget on the amazing storyline of every episode like with Kitty and Bunny (the inferred lesbians. Taught about domestic violence and racism). Let's not forget about Bathtub Barracuda either :) It just taught kids how to deal with adult problems which, let's face it, is thrust upon us at a young age. So I think the argument /against/ this amazing show would be that it was strange and showed really twisted villans. I don't think it 'brainwashed' kids because it really taught us strength, even if we are scared time to time. Sorry I couldn't answer your question, but this was an incredible cartoon. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Jen 4 years ago Courage was/is one of my favorite cartoons so I cant really give it a negative review but I will say it could be quite racist at times. Like every time that Asian engineer guy with flowered flip flops came onto screen you heard the faint sound of a gong. Every time the Indian doctor came onto screen you heard faint sitar music in the background. The latina lady who impersonated Muriel, pretty certain there was faint latino music in the background. They also had a lot of other racially stereotypical things about these characters in the show (like how the Asian guy always speaks broken english).
Also, basic things changed from episode to episode depending on what worked best. For instance, only in one episode was there a fireplace in their house (so locusts could invade, I believe). Muriel was almost always seen rocking in her wooden rocking chair but occasionally her rocker was replaced with a couch, so multiple people can sit on it. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post angrygumballll Lv
6 7 years ago It came out in the 90s on Cartoon Network, OF COURSE it sucks. 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Jason Lv
5 7 years ago yep that show was just some demonic video footage meant to scare and brainwash children , I hate it , I would rather watch the power puff girls :) Source(s):
Batman likes Cartoon network 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago its dumb and I don't get it if I had to choose ill want to watch football with my dad. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Which Batman villain is more evil? Penguin? Joker or Harley Quinn? 8 answers I thought Tim Allen was dead. Who am I confusing him with ? 4 answers Hulk vs Superman who would win? 8 answers What would happen if Lex Luthor found out Bruce Wayne is Batman? 5 answers If I'm employed at Disney and work on something original in my free time, does Disney now own my original property? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions PSD with Avatar the Last Airbender? Why can’t I binge watch ? I thought Tim Allen was dead. Who am I confusing him with ? X-Men (Original Members) vs. Loki? Is The Namek Saga In Dragon Ball Z Underrated? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites