Is laughter REALLY the best medicine? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago Is laughter REALLY the best medicine? Are you laughing to the grave? Do you like pancakes? I do not. Answer Save 35 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer banana flavoured mirth with a kiddy lock top morning noon & night all the way to the bone yard Amen.
& yeah they're ok I suppose 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mary C Lv
7 1 decade ago Laughter is really great & sometimes it can be the best medicine. However, if you are really sick, I would suggest seeing a physician. I love to laugh!
I am not crazy about pancakes. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 1 decade ago It depends on the ailment. Research suggests that laughter has several health benefits including reducing blood pressure, improving circulation, and reducing stress. All of these things are beneficial to one's overall health. That said, laughter is not a cure for most diseases. If you are sick, you should consult a medical professional for diagnosis and advice. Source(s):
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laughter#Laughter_and... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 1 decade ago I love pancakes and I laugh alot 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in T-Strudel 1 decade ago Laughter cannot cure AIDS, no matter how much that purple squirrel says. Waffles are better than pancakes. Source(s):
Purple Squirrel down the street/Ihop 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Absolutely 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post fthdrtuhyt 1 decade ago Yes, it is. That is why so many people buy marijuana. They are depressed with their lives and so they rely on a drug to create some humor for them to be happy about. Now, if they could have simply created their own laughter, they wouldn't have had to get "high," and could have saved a good $30. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Pin-Up Doll Lv
5 1 decade ago Is laughter the best medicine? Not for those who laugh themselves to death! :-D 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I tried laughing about things for two whole weeks, but eventually I had to go to the doctor and get a shot of penicillin... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post -)-(- Lv
6 1 decade ago Laughter makes anyone feel better in any condition theyre in, so Yes. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (20) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 48 answers Are you boring? 44 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 28 answers Do you have to get drunk on Saturday nights? 26 answers Are you juicy? 24 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is making 70k in your early 30s a good salary? Low salary? Or ok salary? How are ni#gers created? What do you know about the star ⭐️ Sirius ? ✨? I want to buy her something!!! But I don't have any money! I don't have any monneyyy? Can I beat Dark Souls by playing solo only? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites