Who was the last person you cooked for? What did you cook em? ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products skylar Lv
6 skylar
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago Who was the last person you cooked for? What did you cook em? ? Thanks! :) Answer Save 20 Answers Relevance Stiffy! Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I cooked breakfast in bed for my most recent ex-girlfriend and she wasn't even grateful.
It's not why I dumped her but the fact that she didn't even say thanks didn't help things. I cooked scrambled eggs (her favorite), bacon (the way she likes it, with a touch of black), 2 pieces of toast (buttered the way she likes it, with just a hint of butter) and a big glass of orange juice 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Uki Lv
6 1 decade ago I cook for the people at my college meeting about a few days ago (Monday). I was cooking a lot! Chips and BBQ sauce, Mushroom Pizza, Chocolate Cheese Cake, and some poffertjes. After those cooking, I thought to myself that I ain't cookin' no more for a few days! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♥~Angel Eyes~♥ Lv
6 1 decade ago I cooked for
my husband, his sister, her boyfriend and my kids last night. We had Steak, Homemade Mashed Potatoes with sour cream and garlic, Mac and Cheese and Onions and mushrooms to go with the steak...it was all really good.
I cook every night though so no big deal.
0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post dowty Lv
4 4 years ago Lol humorous component about this, once i finished seeing her audition tape, I knew she became going to be the b****. yet I disagree. you could take Alex's standpoint in uncommon places, while Charley became an impossibe b**** who argued with extremely everyone besides the twins (you could observe that the argument actual all started with Alex attempting to make a manage Rex, and each thing went t*ts up from there). and likewise, compared to Charley, i hit upon Alex quite relaxing. like the bit the position she had a sore throat and she advised vast Brother off, and then she reported 'it is not any longer even humorous, yeah!' (ROFLMAO!!) and interior the arguments, it is relaxing choosing out her catchphrases like 'boo' and " 'member I advised you", and her accepted insults 'd***head, elementary, mutton. Alex is so aggro, it is jokes. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Neil M Lv
6 1 decade ago Besides myself, my son when he last came to visit 2 years ago, (I usually visit him) and I cooked up some great steaks, blood still oozing, and microwaved some frozen vegies, (they were a failure) he insists on eating out now. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ace Lv
5 1 decade ago Myself and it mostly revolves around throwing stuff in the microwave and just heating it up.
Usually I go out to restaurants or just have a salad or something light at home. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I smoked a brisket, grilled some corn on the cob and some baked potato's on the grill. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post livn4themin Lv
7 1 decade ago My kids last night for supper. Hamburger and macaroni, with fresh vege's from the garden and home made bread. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Eye Of The Tiger Lv
6 1 decade ago me, myself, and i, I'm not a bad cook, no Emeril Lagasse here but i do ok. i like pleasing my woman (when i actually have one) breakfast in bed serving dinner, no problem for this guy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post piggypie1333 Lv
4 1 decade ago My family last night for
dinner. We had Tater Tot Casserole. YUMMY!!! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (10) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 48 answers Are you boring? 44 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 28 answers Do you have to get drunk on Saturday nights? 26 answers Are you juicy? 24 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do you know about the star ⭐️ Sirius ? ✨? Do you consider yourself fat? Is it a bad thing to marry outside of your race ? Do I have an ugly body? What’s the importance of Number 9? ✨? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites