Too much emotional attachment eventually only brings disappointments and misery; do you agree? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products suzie Lv
7 suzie
asked in
Entertainment & Music Horoscopes
·
7 years ago Too much emotional attachment eventually only brings disappointments and misery; do you agree? i dont think too much attachment to anything is good really..since you'll develop higher expectations and a feeling of possessiveness. (which further creates complicated emotions) your sun,moon and venus signs. Answer Save 22 Answers Relevance Toᴘʜ Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer Hmm ... I wouldn't say "only brings disappointments and misery". I believe it brings other things to the table, too ^_^ Perhaps those other things are a range of different vegetables, like a mixed bowl of carrots, corn and peas; perhaps within a bowl sided with those vegetable is some mashed potato that ought to be served with the gravy sitting delicately in a jug by its side -- I guess what I am trying to say is, you're only describing those traits related to an Idealist ^_^ Although I am an Idealist, I believe it's human nature to have great expectation for things coming their way. Perhaps you could relate this to an early adolescent who believes once they finish schooling they'll be sent straight into a governmental office earning magnificently high paychecks that will build so high they could buy that twenty-room mansion on the peninsula with a large degree view of the ocean. Naturally, once they reach a higher age through their adolescent years, when that harsh light of reality slaps them across the face, they will indeed be disappointed and, perhaps, miserable - but that isn't the only thing it bring. It brings hope, and experience. That experience enables you to get a firmer grip on what the real world is truly like, and that there's more than two sides in government; there is more than those cookies-and-cream ice-creams you buy every Friday after school, and there is more to life than becoming a corrupted person living on the streets in the city if all else fails. Moreover than the fact I haven't a clue what I'm talking about, these experiences only come when one doesn't remain stationary - one has to be doing something. Nothing comes from nothing. You only climb higher on a ladder if you keep moving; once you look down you will probably start panicking; you will probably panic so much you will fall from that ladder and find yourself at rock bottom. From here you will need to stop pretending to yourself that you are anything other than what you are and begin to divert all your energy into finishing the only work that matters to you. Everybody is different: you are not a writer if you don't write; you are not a chef if you don't cook; you are not an animator if you don't animate; you are not an actor if you don't act -- all of which comes from practice, and throughout practice will come failure, and throughout that failure will come character-strength, and with that strength of character you can carry heavier parts of life, and the more heavy thing you carry, the stronger you will get. All you have to remember is the most powerful source of all: Love ^_^ - Aries Sun, 1H. - Aries Venus, 2H. - Virgo Moon, 6H. 0 4 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Hey there, If you click here on the link you can download for free Table Tennis Pro:
http://bit.ly/1qXDdlG
it's completely free and it's very fast to install The objective of the game is to develop the ability to hit the little ball back well with your bat. At first it may seem a little difficult to handle because it varies a lot with your mouse’s sensitivity, but don’t worry, with just a little practice you can become an expert in this type of game. Check it out. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago If you are still striving to increase you're vertical and you're hoping to get your hands above the side, put Vert Shock to the check, an application you will find it here
https://tr.im/oG0gq
and provide it a try, you'll be surprised of how quickly you can become an animal hopper if you train the right way. This program won't make you jump tens and thousands of times because Vert Shock was developed and used by actual elite level basketball players. As it pertains right down to it, in the event that you actually want to jump larger, you simply discovered the best process in the world to complete so. Any way might just be considered a spend of time. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post sadansan Lv
6 7 years ago In the journey of falling in Love/Lust/Crush>>><3 etc.
The astrological basics can become very beneficial to those considering the journey.
It can help you make important choices>(or not)> We can all relate to those early developments of curiosity,excitement,confusion and breathless anticipation.
Here is where we should be taking baby steps but most never do. Songs take on new meanings as the world takes on vivid color of imagination of what it will be like to be with the one new person who has filled your heart with joy...
It is probably one of the coolest feelings we will ever experience! Many aspects are at work while all these feelings are emerging - so this is when astro .com can prepare a partners profile for you providing accurate insights into the relationship >>For Free! Don't you want to know if misery is 6 months down the road? Sun Virgo Moon Libra 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in wontsay Lv
4 7 years ago With the wrong person... Sometimes the risk is worth the chance of the fall though. Falling in love is unforgettable, fun, it's a roller coaster of emotions. If you're too afraid to take that risk, you may miss out. You just need to learn not to lose yourself in the process. If you take that risk, at least you know what you may or may not be missing out on.
As far as possessiveness, maybe it's a matter of letting yourself trust someone. Ask yourself why it's hard to trust them... Is it fear of getting hurt or is it something that they're doing to make you feel that way? Life is full of hurts, disappointments, failures sometimes, but it's also full of opportunities, fun times, and there are some people that just make life worth living.
So, too much emotional attachment can be good, and bad. Every rose has it's thorns, you just need to sort out which roses are the most beautiful to you and worth it to pick out. Sun in Aquarius, Moon in Scorpio, Venus in Aries. 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
7 7 years ago Well, I think that love is freedom and even though we may connect with people on different levels... In order to give your best to others,or they give their best to you, is to let go of micro managing,trying to mold, control and dictate another adults life..you will never know them this way.And someone else will come along and set his/her heart free. People are so desperate to connect and jump into things,when they would be wise to prepare themselves for a relationship,particularly if Mom and Dad failed at it. Then this person has work to do. Love is not attachment,if a person is attached,that is all it is. Commitment is a different vibe,because it speaks to exclusivity
that is balanced and agreed on. Hopefully the personal work is done,saves so much heart ache in the end, aka the emotional roller coaster. Source(s):
Cancer Sun/Cap Moon/Leo Venus 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post All My Intensity Lv
6 7 years ago too much emotional attachment to anything creates a dependency that takes away from your emotional independence and maybe digs into taking away your identity. are you really you without this dependency? maybe not. you are you, you know? I'm not saying the extreme opposite is the solution to this problem either lol. that's another topic, but there's a peace in balance to emotional attachment. without that peace, high expectations and possessions follow, lead you into complicated emotions, and creates a cycle. libra, cancer, libra 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anne Lv
4 4 years ago I still watched it though and it made OK entertainment but only because Graham Norton was presenting. Did you see his face when the dodgy acts were performing.LOL The time when that Elton forgot his words on the group performance "Dib dobbing dab" PMSL I guess but they really weren't up to scratch. I don't know how they'd have any success in Vegas. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ϟ hydra ϟ Lv
4 7 years ago did you notice how people totally attach their first love? and how you choose that first love totally randomly? he/she is pretty much the first person you find available. you didn't question anything about her/him and you didn't even question anything about yourself really. just instincts kicked in and you were a naive youngster looking for someone, anyone, fast. NOW, since that's totally messed up and almost destined to end up badly, it will make people think ooooooh, i see, i see, people are just evil and love hurts. i should build up stronger walls.
HEY! it's not love's fault you just attached to wrong person? use the brain too? noooo. i will never attach people again sniff sniff :(((( .... whatever kid, okay then. (eros flies away, venus adds you to the blacklist) ------------------------- strong love gives strong happiness and strong pain when it ends while you don't want it to end. that's for sure.
but weak love doesn't give strong happiness and weak pain. it gives weak happiness and weak pain. so what the fk we are still talking about? Source(s):
cancer/libra/cancer 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post xxbabyxx 7 years ago Disagree Source(s):
Sagittarius Sun
Leo Moon
Leo Rising
Sagittarius Venus 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (12) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Taurus and Cancer babes are gorgeous? 9 answers Why Aquarius do not have feelings at all? 7 answers Why are Pisces women more beautiful than Scorpio women? 7 answers Are Aries or Gemini women prettier? 11 answers What does it mean when the Sun is “unaspected” in a chart? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What does it mean when the Sun is “unaspected” in a chart? What is planetary acceleration? How to deal with a Gemini bloke after a break up? How beautiful are Aquarius women ? Is this a coincidence?!? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites