is the guitar mainly a solo instrument or ensemble instrument? Explain? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Ellie Ellie
asked in
Entertainment & Music Music Other - Music
·
1 decade ago is the guitar mainly a solo instrument or ensemble instrument? Explain? ALso, what types of musical groups/ensembles is the guitar used? Should you be in good shape to play it, how does this affect the quality of performance?Why? I know its a lot, but itd be great if there was a link thanks! Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Luke B 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The guitar is one of the most versatile instruments. It's great as a solo, rhythm or both! For an ensemble, it can add a great amount of feel to the rhythm section. Then it can come out and take a lead. It can play harmony with say a piano or violin. Volume swells can be controlled.
But to answer your question, no, it is absolutely not mainly a solo instrument. Hope that helped! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Most Emotional Song Ever? 7 answers Musical instruments Flute question? 5 answers Are you additcted to some song? 7 answers How much does a decent electric guitar cost (for beginners)? 6 answers Is it ok for a 10 year old to listen to explicit music? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions all of me piano. what is best tone on the keyboard for this song? I'm looking for a specific ad I saw on YouTube? What guitar brand is this? How do I get the string out of a machine head? En el segundo album de joy division "Closer" ¿quienes son los que están? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites