What are some of your fears and worries? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Sasha Sasha
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
7 years ago What are some of your fears and worries? Thanks Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Mermaid Lv
4 7 years ago Favorite Answer I'm worried that I won't make it into a good college. My grades are crap (well, they're not THAT bad) and I'm poor with a widowed mother so I'm scared that I won't be able to afford it. I don't know what my future will look like and it scares me As bubble headed as this sounds, I'm afraid that I'm going to die an old, single lady. I'm not a sap or anything, but I haven't been in a real relationship before because whenever it gets close to happening I get scared and I push him away. But at the same time I get really emotionally clingy to them because of my "daddy issues". Not whoreish daddy issues but the kind where I get attached to the male figure in my life. Another problem is that I am a really logical person and love seems so stupid and I get so confused because my head says one thing but my heart says another. I feel weird actually saying this because love is the illogical thing to my head but my heart wants it.... I've been really anxious lately because I actually let myself get close to a guy and I didn't push him away but he's leaving for college and I'm probably never going to see him again and it really sucks and I feel like a mess! Okay, just had to vent. Thank you for your time. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jeremiah Johnson 7 Lv
7 7 years ago Mostly right now, it is our government, Ma'am.
I have many desires in life, such as a woman, and a son or daughter to be a role model to. Having my own place, and to be financially stable. To deny that my fears include not meeting those goals would be dishonest to say the least, but I feel powerless to make them a reality. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago To hurt someone again To dissapoint my family again To lose what few remaining friends I have To be a burden and a shame to my family again To lose control again To be like this forever To be all alone To not be all alone To find out that I'm really as worthless as everyone says I am To find out that I'm as worthless as I feel 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Katrina 7 years ago “Augustus, perhaps you’d like to share your fears with the group.” “My fears?” “Yes.” “I fear oblivion,” he said without a moment’s pause. “I fear it like the proverbial blind man who’s afraid of the dark.” The Fault in Our Stars 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in The Unknown One Lv
6 7 years ago I feat that I might lose the car keys 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kate 7 years ago When some students try to put you down. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago People
Fights :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Daisy Lv
5 7 years ago failing exams losing my wallet getting killed in a bar-room fight ...that's about it 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post grey_worms Lv
7 7 years ago that they won't understand that they won't care 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bon Bon Lv
7 7 years ago when and how I will die Source(s):
b 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 48 answers Are you boring? 44 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 28 answers Do you have to get drunk on Saturday nights? 26 answers Are you juicy? 24 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it a bad thing to marry outside of your race ? What was your dream job? How are ni#gers created? What’s the importance of Number 9? ✨? What weight and height is fat? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites