Does Randy Rhoads sound similar to Eddie Van Halen? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Jake Lv
7 Jake
asked in
Entertainment & Music Music Rock and Pop
·
5 years ago Does Randy Rhoads sound similar to Eddie Van Halen? you can probably play me their music, and I couldn't tell the difference between the two. EVH was more of a tapper though. Rhoads does have more melodic solos
but EVH has better riffs IMO. Like the Beat It Guitar solo, I thought Rhoads played that, but he died before it was released. Rhoads does actually have some virtuosity in him and can play faster than EVH. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Crockett Lv
5 5 years ago Favorite Answer They actually are near opposites tone-wise and Eddie has more melodic solos, while Rhoads is more known for his Black Sabbath-like riffs.
So you have lots of things mixed up.
Rhoads has a very blunt, mid rangy heavy metal tone and Eddie has a very bright high treble tone.
I like both but I prefer Eddie.
Randy was a great player but EVH came out sooner, innovated a lot more things than he did, and had a larger impact on the guitar world in general.
I wouldn't say Rhoads could play faster than EVH, not like it matters anyways.
Both of them had a classical background but Eddie used it more sparingly. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Quickshot- What is a song you enjoy that you would like to share? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy mentioning a city or province from the amazing country of Canada!? 16 answers Quickshot- a song sung in English, but with a line or verse sung in another language? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy that mentions any city from the great European Continent? 34 answers What is your opinion on Alice Cooper? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How big a hit was Black Velvet? Which Lou Reed  solo album has his best vocals? What can I get my Boyfriend for his electric guitar? Which is David Bowie's best album? What is it like to be in a band? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites