Is an Alto Saxophone mainly a solo instrument or an ensemble instrument? Explain.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Entertainment & Music Music
·
1 decade ago Is an Alto Saxophone mainly a solo instrument or an ensemble instrument? Explain.? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance xoitfa 1 decade ago Favorite Answer both. it depends on the type of music you want to play. most people would say that its a solo instrument because of the pitch and style of sound. if you like to play writen music its great in an ensemble but the sound blends in to much with the brass to hear it. if its i homework q. i would say solo 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Myke BoDean Lv
6 1 decade ago I don't know the main sax player I know of is Clarence Clemons he plays mostly tenor saxophone, but has also been seen on soprano sax and bari sax. Sounds to me like it's a band insreumement. Read on. The alto saxophone is a variety of the saxophone, a family of woodwind instruments invented by Adolphe Sax. The alto is the third smallest of the saxophone family, which consists of over eight sizes of saxophone (see saxophone). The alto is the most common size of saxophone, and is also the size most commonly composed for by classical composers. Of the people who learn to play saxophone, most begin on alto. The second most common size of saxophone is the tenor; most tenor players started on alto and switched to tenor after a few years. The alto saxophone is a transposing instrument and reads the treble clef in the key of E♭ (that is to say, a written C for the alto will sound as E♭; concert, a major sixth lower). The range of the alto saxophone is from concert D♭; (D♭;3) to concert A♭; (A♭5) (or A5 on altos with a high F# key). The range as written for the player is B♭3 to F6 (or F#6). An additional upper range, known as the altissimo register, begins at F# and extends upwards for an octave or more. However, this range is commonly mastered only by advanced players. Notable alto saxophonists include Charlie Parker, Ornette Coleman, Phil Woods, Vince Wild, Art Pepper, Marcel Mule, Sigurd Raschèr, Lee Konitz, "Cannonball" Adderley, Jackie McLean, Joe Harriott, Eric Dolphy, Gigi Gryce, Paul Desmond, Maceo Parker, Donald Sinta, Eugene Rousseau, Marshall Allen, Aaron J. Burch and Fela Kuti. The alto saxophone is included in classical music more often than the tenor, and many concertos for alto exist. The alto has great versatility and is used commonly in concert, jazz, funk, blues, pop, marching bands, and rock music. Some companies that currently produce saxophones are Buffet Crampon, Cannonball, Jupiter, Selmer, Yamaha, Vito/Leblanc, and Yanagisawa. New alto saxophones range in price between US$350 for less famous brands and US$5000 for more prestigous brands. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I played alto for many years but gave it up cos its wasnt as enjoyable to play by myself (hard to practice quietly too so all the neighbours heard me stuff up) I realized the most fun i had playing was in the concert band at school 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Quickshot- What is a song you enjoy that you would like to share? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy mentioning a city or province from the amazing country of Canada!? 16 answers Quickshot- a song sung in English, but with a line or verse sung in another language? 23 answers What is a song you enjoy that mentions any city from the great European Continent? 34 answers What is your opinion on Alice Cooper? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions List some of the most underrated bands from the 1970s? How big a hit was Black Velvet? Cómo se llama la canción con la que se despide Lucero en la Plaza México? al final de la canción "Volver volver"? What can I get my Boyfriend for his electric guitar? Si los Humanos perrean, los perros humanean? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites