what was the name of the lead actress in misery and also the beguiled? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products bob bob
asked in
Entertainment & Music Celebrities
·
1 decade ago what was the name of the lead actress in misery and also the beguiled? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance BrainBabe Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Misery:
Kathy Bates Beguiled:
Geraldine Page Two very odd, different movies with two very odd, whacked out women! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Person Lv
4 1 decade ago Kathy Bates in Misery, Geraldine Page in The Beguiled. The Beguiled is much more frightening. I remember that I saw that movie quite young and that it scared the poop out of me. Heheh. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Lacey 1 decade ago Kathy Bates 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Michael M 1 decade ago Kathy Bates 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why did Prince Harry marry Megan Merkel? 13 answers Is Boy George gay? 12 answers Was Judy garland pretty? 8 answers Where is Michael Jackson hiding today? 12 answers Is Kim Kardashian a Person of Color? ? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Will white female celebrity fandoms make a comeback in the future, now that there are none left? Does Holly Willoughby have a lazy eye? Did celebrities like the Kardashians and the Hadids go through the casting couch? Is there anymore more fake than Tom Cruise? Do you guys miss Chris Cornell or is it just me..? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites