POLL: Are you pretty or are you ugly? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Best_Name_Ever Best_Name_Ever
asked in
Entertainment & Music Polls & Surveys
·
1 decade ago POLL: Are you pretty or are you ugly? jk in case you didnt know.. Update : I think you're both; YOU'RE PRETTY UGLY! Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Fireworks Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer awww, your flattery is so intense its on the verge of being downright unctuous(: 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Louise Smith Lv
7 1 decade ago Although everyone says I'm pretty since the day I was born.
Now that I have a lipoma on my back for 14 going on 15 years, as well as absorbing all of the harsh discipline from my parents, followed by the name-calling and the constant teasing and bullying, I am very super duper ugly; inside and outside. Source(s):
I don't blame Tobey Maguire for not marrying me and not having children with me.
Who would want to marry me; an African-American woman with a lipoma on her back? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I dunno, you tell me. and I used the whole "pretty ugly" thing once because we had this play we did in drama class and I was the child of these two people, and I was like. "My mom is pretty, my dad is ugly. I guess that makes me pretty ugly!" haha :] it was really stupid, but it was funny at the time. :] lol. i just thought you'd like to know that. haha 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I think you're fugly . Source(s):
Just joking. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in I FANCY YOU :) Lv
5 1 decade ago you thought right :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the last thing you swallow before you sleep? 48 answers Are you boring? 44 answers What's something you only eat because everyone else eats it? 28 answers Do you have to get drunk on Saturday nights? 26 answers Are you juicy? 24 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What was your dream job? What weight and height is fat? What’s the importance of Number 9? ✨? Do you consider yourself fat? Do I have an ugly body? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites