how to fix my keyboard? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products donatina s donatina s
asked in
Computers & Internet Hardware Monitors
·
9 years ago how to fix my keyboard? can not work
A FEW KEYS Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer 1)
Keyboards are cheap, consider spending the $10 for a new one. 2)
If it is a standard, wired keyboard, try popping off the problem keys with a flat screwdriver and cleaning out underneath (with compressed air and possibly alcohol on a q-tip) 3)
As a last resort, wash it.
Yes, really.
Unplug the KB and take it to your bathroom.
Put a decent amount of water in the tub, and swoosh the KB around for a bit.
Then let it sit for like 10 min and repeat ONCE.
After doing that, take the KB out, tip it on it's side, and let it dry for at least 2 days.
DO NOT PLUG IT IN WHILE DRYING!
Your KB may still be wet for up to 1 week from that point, but it MAY fix it.
It could also break it entirely, that's why it's a last resort.
;) 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Leaving desktop and monitor in car.? 5 answers why is there hardly any CRT computer monitors for sale on ebay? 5 answers where could i buy an old type computer monitor nowadays? 4 answers I came across these lines covering up part of my screen yesterday (6/3/2020) and have no idea what caused it. How do you fix it? 4 answers I can't get my monitor to display? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions There's no picture on my screen...Only Please Wait. Why? Samsung C43J890 repair cost? Leaving desktop and monitor in car.? What brand is this dual monitor stand? Is it possible to download g sync or only on monitors that come with it.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites