How can i make myself an "administer" on the computer? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Computers & Internet Security
·
1 decade ago How can i make myself an "administer" on the computer? I want to be an administer on my computer so ni can download things without being on my sisters login thing. like if i need to go on hers to do it i can. if thats what i got to do! Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance MFFL Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer You need to log on as administer to make your self as administrator! So your sister is the only one that can give you that privilage! There is a other way but you don't want to do those changes because your sister can easily find out! Source(s):
Know it! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago SpyDoughnut is 110% wrong. There are several computer tricks that will make you an Adminstrator. The thing is, that it is not your computer and you have to respect the fact that your sister doesn't want to let you use it. Also there is the fact that I am not sure that you are competent to have the power of downloading things form the internet. From the sound of it you seem to be someone who doesn't care where you download from and I bet you that you will get infected in a flash. Just ask your sister for an adminstrator account, and if she says yes, make sure that you don't go crazy, because if you infect her computer, she will go off the wall, and it is a pain in the rear end to clean up an infected computer. If she says no, they get a job and buy your own computer. There are sites on the web that will tell you ways to get in, but don't use them as if you don't know what you are doing, then you can cause serious damage to you sister's computer. Just remember my favorite quote from Spider-Man: "With great power, comes great responsibility." 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post pinkett Lv
4 4 years ago simplest way is to bypass away the laptop plugged in and shop one hand on the steel case of the flexibility grant together as cleansing. next decision is to get an antistatic mat, which will have a floor lead. floor that to a dedicated floor rod, a chilly water pipe, or the floor connector of your electric container (make confident it particularly is floor and not warm!!). connect your self to the antistatic mat via a a million megohm resistor. it incredibly is often finished with a wrist strap. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post spyDonut 1 decade ago The word is "administrator" by the way but I just say admin.
If your sister's an admin and you're not, then the only way to become an admin is to have your sister make you one.
Sorry, but there's no computer trick that can make a non-admin into an admin. Oh and Mr. Favor's site only works if you already are an administrator. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago If it's her computer, respect the fact that she doesn't want you downloading and installing stuff that she has no control over. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Grow up. Become an adult.
Get a job. Buy your own computer. Until then you are just a child. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post The Calculus Alchemist Lv
6 1 decade ago http://kb.iu.edu/data/arnd.html 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Will changing my SSN protect me if my original number is compromised in a scam? 6 answers I payed a Microsoft technician $650 and I realized its a scam.? 11 answers What are the best free antivirus programs? 11 answers I am stuck on a Microsoft website that says my computer is infected and to call a number.? 6 answers How to Download Kaspersky Total Security with Activation Code? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions everytime i open my pc site called protectbrowser opens too is this a virus? if so how can i get rid of it? INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT? How to kaspersky internal error? how do I get a security key for outlook 2013? How can my home screen be on someone else’s computer I have never used? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites