Advantages of shale gas? Technical points.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anon Anon
asked in
Environment Global Warming
·
7 years ago Advantages of shale gas? Technical points.? What are the benefits of having shale gas as an energy source? Have their been any advances in the technology which helps extract the gas (like horizontal drilling)? What are the benefits of these advances? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Jesse Lv
4 7 years ago Favorite Answer Shale gas is mostly methane, and it's advantage is that it produces about 2 1/2 times as much energy as coal per mole of carbon dioxide produced. Its disadvantage is that methane is a powerful greenhouse gas in itself, and that which escapes will hasten the greenhouse warming. Horizontal drilling has greatly increased the production of methane from a well which has lowered the price. Many states and municipalities are switching their vehicles to run on compressed natural gas, as it is about one third the cost of gasoline. Switching power plants to methane reduces many kinds of air pollution and produces no ash, so there's an advantage there - but we need to eventually phase out CH4 as well, and switch to more sustainable sources of energy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of girls with tattoos all over themselves? 33 answers Where is all this 'Global Warming'? 14 answers what is the temperature where you are right now? 6 answers Are you prepared to listen to Greta and take action against global warming ? 8 answers January-May 2020 ranked as the 9th warmest on record in the U.S., why did the global warming troll lie and claim it was the second coolest? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do they keep changing the yahooanswers format? What's the differecne!!!!!!!!!!!!? what is the temperature where you are right now? Would you rather play sports in a climate controlled building (e.g., basketball), or rather play outside for fresh air (e.g., baseball)?
Wha? Who was the best team of all time? 3 hours ago? Has the global warming troll been replaced by a bot? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites