Is the West Antarctic melting from volcanic activity? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Kano Lv
7 Kano
asked in
Environment Global Warming
·
6 years ago Is the West Antarctic melting from volcanic activity? http://hockeyschtick.blogspot.com/2014/10/new-pape... Update : MTRstudent. volcanic eruptions are not constant look at the present Icelandic eruption, and any way a small amount of warming would lubricate glaciers, causing a faster flow towards the ocean. Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance 1000 miles from the mailbox Lv
7 6 years ago Favorite Answer Certainly looks like a likely explanation for why 10% of Antarctica is losing ice while the other 90% is gaining. http://news.yahoo.com/hidden-volcanoes-melt-antarc... http://www.newsmax.com/LarryBell/Obama-Antarctic-C... Hmmm, the area with the fastest melting just happens to be the area with the most intense sub glacial volcanic activity. 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post MTRstudent Lv
6 6 years ago The heat from volcanic activity is far too small to explain the ice losses we've measured in Antarctica. You'd also need to explain why Antarctoc oce loss has accelerated in recent years. If these volcanoes have been around for ages, why did the melt only start in recent decades? The same authors wrote a study about Thwaites glacier earlier this year, which was also misunderstood by journalists and bloggers who didn't have the time to read or the technical ability to understand the paper. They sent an email to clarify this, which you can read here: http://lists.cryolist.org/htdig.cgi/cryolist-cryol... 0 3 4 Login to reply the answers Post BB Lv
7 6 years ago Undersea Volcanic activity has not been studied 'in depth' as to its impact on ocean temperatures.
I hope that there is an increased effort to study same .....instead of summarily dismissing the potential influence. 1 2 0 pegminer Lv
7 6 years ago Report The geophysical heat flux has been extensively studied. It's not warming the ocean to any appreciable degree. Have you ever looked at a book on geophysics? Login to reply the answers Post milton b Lv
7 6 years ago No, it isn't.
A volcano or even several volcanoes can't produce enough heat to explain the amount of ice being lost by the West Antarctic ice sheet. 2 1 6 ... Show all comments Kano Lv
7 6 years ago Report and if volcanic activity is not doing it, what is, temperatures are almost always below freezing, a few degrees warmer still would not be enough to melt. Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Elmer98 Lv
7 6 years ago No 0 2 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of girls with tattoos all over themselves? 26 answers Where is all this 'Global Warming'? 10 answers Why do cons doubt global warming when their's much proof? 33 answers hand job...? 8 answers Are you prepared to listen to Greta and take action against global warming ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are you prepared for Christmas yet? Can I get help with these weather questions? What on Earth 🌎 are we going to do about all the fake 🌐 questions from alarmist shills 🌅? Is Greta Menchi hot? Are you prepared to listen to common sense and take action against leftists? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites