Are climate model future prediction ensembles meaningful? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Ottawa Mike Lv
6 Ottawa Mike
asked in
Environment Global Warming
·
7 years ago Are climate model future prediction ensembles meaningful? I know one guy who doesn't think so.
His comments appeared on WUWT here:
http://wattsupwiththat.com/2013/06/13/no-significa... This is the actual guy here:
http://fds.duke.edu/db/aas/Physics/rgb Here is the comment:
Saying that we need to wait for a certain interval in order to conclude that “the models are wrong” is dangerous and incorrect for two reasons. First — and this is a point that is stunningly ignored — there are a lot of different models out there, all supposedly built on top of physics, and yet no two of them give anywhere near the same results! This is reflected in the graphs Monckton publishes above, where the AR5 trend line is the average over all of these models and in spite of the number of contributors the variance of the models is huge. It is also clearly evident if one publishes a “spaghetti graph” of the individual model projections (as Roy Spencer recently did in another thread) — it looks like the frayed end of a rope, not like a coherent spread around some physics supported result. Note the implicit swindle in this graph — by forming a mean and standard deviation over model projections and then using the mean as a “most likely” projection and the variance as representative of the range of the error, one is treating the differences between the models as if they are uncorrelated random variates causing >deviation around a true mean!. Say what? This is such a horrendous abuse of statistics that it is difficult to know how to begin to address it. One simply wishes to *****-slap whoever it was that assembled the graph and ensure that they never work or publish in the field of science or statistics ever again. One cannot generate an ensemble of independent and identically distributed models that have different code. One might, possibly, generate a single model that generates an ensemble of predictions by using uniform deviates (random numbers) to seed “noise” (representing uncertainty) in the inputs. What I’m trying to say is that the variance and mean of the “ensemble” of models is completely meaningless, statistically because the inputs do not possess the most basic properties required for a meaningful interpretation. They are not independent, their differences are not based on a random distribution of errors, there is no reason whatsoever to believe that the errors or differences are unbiased (given that the only way humans can generate unbiased anything is through the use of e.g. dice or other objectively random instruments). So why buy into this nonsense by doing linear fits to a function — global temperature — that has never in its entire history been linear, although of course it has always been approximately smooth so one can always do a Taylor series expansion in some sufficiently small interval and get a linear term that — by the nature of Taylor series fits to nonlinear functions — is guaranteed to fail if extrapolated as higher order nonlinear terms kick in and ultimately dominate? Why even pay lip service to the notion that R^2 or p for a linear fit, or for a Kolmogorov-Smirnov comparison of the real temperature record and the extrapolated model prediction, has some meaning? It has none. Let me repeat this. It has no meaning! It is indefensible within the theory and practice of statistical analysis. You might as well use a ouija board as the basis of claims about the future climate history as the ensemble average of different computational physical models that do not differ by truly random variations and are subject to all sorts of omitted variable, selected variable, implementation, and initialization bias. The board might give you the right answer, might not, but good luck justifying the answer it gives on some sort of rational basis. Let’s invert this process and actually apply statistical analysis to the distribution of model results Re: the claim that they all correctly implement well-known physics. For example, if I attempt to do an a priori computation of the quantum structure of, say, a carbon atom, I might begin by solving a single electron model, treating the electron-electron interaction using the probability distribution from the single electron model to generate a spherically symmetric “density” of electrons around the nucleus, and then performing a self-consistent field theory iteration (resolving the single electron model for the new potential) until it converges. (This is known as the Hartree approximation.) (sorry, at character limit...see the WUWT link above for the rest...) Answer Save 15 Answers Relevance Jeff Engr Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer If you can get to a point where you are able ot demonstrate some history of predictive accuracy then they would be.
However as the Information you posted points out we do NOT have that.
So, the "future prediction ensembles" have no meaningful value. This is not to say that the attempt to develop said models has no value.
This is because if you are making a true scientific attempt to model the environment and you work to fine tune and calibrate/correct your models then in time you will definitely learn more and possibly with enough time and effort you may even come up with a useful model. 0 6 5 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago I suppose the confidence with which the conclusions are presented might have some effect on which word you choose. The IPCC is very careful to define the probabilities behind the words they use in their projections (words people typically use with no regard to their actual impact like 'likely' or 'certain'.) They assign confidence levels to the conclusions they get from their model outputs. They don't hide that there are things they are uncertain about. They also place emphasis on the things they are much more confident about, based on the amount of research, level of scientific understanding, quality of models etc. etc. So to say something is a prediction, in my book (a hearty disclaimer), implies a high level of certainty. Confidence levels (for example 95% certainty) are arbitrary as it is, and each level of making these predictions has their own uncertainty associated with it. If a researcher makes an 'if X then Y' hypothesis but has low certainty as to what degree X will occur, it can be difficult to say that Y will even occur with the combined error of those two predictions. By making an ensemble of projections, the research reports a series of these X hypotheses and Y results, and they can say with high confidence that one of these Y events will occur, they just can't say which one due to predicting the occurrence of X. What I'm trying to say is this. If the certainty is high enough, it's a prediction. Based on what you know, you would gamble that it will happen. If there is uncertainty at multiple levels, you make a projection over a range of events that could occur. This way there is preparation for these effects to mitigate what potential "bad things" will happen. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 4 years ago It's an age old problem that many bettors are overwhelmed with all their lives. When you can manage to help keep dropping month after month, then at the very least you get to keep trying. But the truth is, you are just seeking in the useless trust any particular one time you'll grab that big win and every thing will undoubtedly be fine again and this you are able to only make it happened here
https://tr.im/u8Loo
with Zcodes System. The help staff rocks!; they keep the info fresh and updated! That isn't anything somebody only whipped together and decided to offer to whomever. This is meant for real sports investors and there are 27 real people behind that pc software that'll always respond to your support tickets within 24 hours. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Your first link is to fake lord Monckton. So Monckton disputes global warming. Stop the presses. And if you want to talk about statistics, Monckton's statement of "No significant warming for 17 years 4 months" is not a good example of the use of statistics, except to lie. Your second link is to a physics professor who does not seem to have anything about climate in his list of publications. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 7 years ago The problem with predictions is that they refer to the future ( Karl Valentin) Meaning that you can do as much computerized simulation as you possibly can you will never be able to cope with the all alterations that will happen in real life for often minor causes but with great impact on politics and the decisions to follow plus all the "nice"surprises nature will have in store for us.
And even if you have all possible parameters right a slight shift in weighting one or two can end up in completely different results. What we also keep forgetting is that we are in the middle of the process of learning and not at the end when everything is known (which will never happen). 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post Trevor Lv
7 7 years ago I only skimmed through the article but I have the gist of it.
I wasn’t going to waste too much time reading it as it’s quite clearly written from a very biased and totally irrational perspective. The author (Robert Brown) builds his argument on very shaky foundations.
He seems to assume that all model outputs should correlate nicely with each other.
Now, given that he’s a lecturer in physics I’m sure he knows better than most that this is very often not the case, and often it’s not even expected to be; but in order to present his fallacy he conveniently dispenses with this. He must have dealt with chaos theory many times over, he knows that one small change here can have a significant impact there.
If he knows the first thing about climates and weather he’ll be aware that they’re subject to chaos.
Indeed, it is from meteorology that chaos theory was born. Because the climate is very sensitive and affected in an infinite number of ways by an unknown, but very large, number of variables, there is always going to be variation in the outputs of the models. Further, he references the recent work of Dr Roy Spencer who has plotted on a single graph the outcomes of 73 (I believe) climate models.
These models are based on different scenarios so we wouldn’t even expect the outcomes to be the same, a point conveniently not mentioned by Spencer and seemingly not picked up on by those who have commented on his work. It’s common practice where there are a lot of factors that will affect the outcome (variables, unknowns, feedbacks etc) to run the same model many times over and the run different models. Brown is implying that the outputs should be the same.
If they were all the same then something would have gone very wrong indeed.
Maybe, just maybe, in the future, not the foreseeable future but perhaps 100 years from now, when we can accurately quantify the variables and present unknowns, we’ll get models with very similar outcomes.
Until that time we have to run multiple models and apply a range to the outcomes. The fact is that we don’t know just how much the world will warm if scenario X comes to fruition, that’s why as climate scientists we tend to say ‘if X happens the world will warm between 2°C and 5°C’.
The earliest models had ranges of between 1°C and 7°C for warming by the year 2100.
As modelling has developed this range has narrowed and typically the newer projections are for warming of between 3°C and 4°C.
To look at it another way, the better models are narrowing the uncertainty and now have ranges that centre on historical means.
So the reality goes completely against the claims Brown is making. It’s also worth noting that the ‘business as usual’ scenarios did not foresee the global dimming consequent to the burgeoning Asian economies, this means that for the foreseeable future the projections are going to be further and further off the mark; they’ll show progressive warming whereas in fact temperatures will stabilise and could even start dropping.
2013 could be the first year since 1964 when the long-term average global temperature actually drops.
At the moment the AGT for 2013 (to 31 May) is down by 0.00347°C on the 2012 figure. Newer models do take account of dimming but this is a highly unpredictable area.
The Chinese and Indian authorities have stated that they will take measures that would drastically reduce dimming but who knows when this will be.
When it does happen the climatic consequences will be dramatic but there’s no way to predict just when it will be. Whilst I have no doubt that Brown is a very competent physicist, I have to wonder why he is dispensing with so many basic principles.
He’s effectively doing what Dr Spencer did and deliberately obfuscating matters. 0 8 5 Login to reply the answers Post pegminer Lv
7 7 years ago Well, that's his opinion. He seems like a reasonably successful computational condensed matter physicist.
Looking at his publication list I don't see anything in climate science--if he wanted to get started there, why not write up his ideas on ensemble computing in the form of a paper and publish them, rather than just giving a bunch of unsupported opinions on a politically oriented blog? Ensemble forecasting has certainly improved short-term weather forecasting, although admittedly it's a different sort of ensemble.
Nevertheless, meteorologists have done an informal sort "ensemble" forecasting with different models for years, so it's not surprising that something similar would be done for climate. I've always thought the model-to-model way of creating ensembles a bit odd, but I believe there is some justification for it from experimental statistics (not necessarily theoretical). Ideally ensembles should be done for each model, and to a certain extent that is done, but the practicalities of getting results in simulation time that are faster than real-time limit the extent of the ensembles, so this is a way of forming a "super-ensemble." Portland-Joe, who normally gives some of the more thoughtful answers on the skeptic side, unfortunately gives an answer that is both ignorant and insulting. When he says "..."climatologists all too often seem to be lacking in math skills..."
exactly what is he basing this on?
While there are a wide variety of different sub-fields in climate science, most of the people I met were highly proficient in math.
The typical curriculum in climate science includes both mathematics and statistics at the graduate level.
Meteorology, climate science and oceanography require a much stronger background in statistics than does physics or engineering. I'd suggest taking courses in asymptotic methods of differential equations, data assimilation and objective analysis before you go critiquing others' math skills. And in the department that I was in, we had one climate scientist whose Ph.D. was in statistics, and another that had been a string theorist and theoretical physicist before he switched to climate. EDIT: I just read Kano's answer.
Kano almost seems reasonable at times, but this answer is completely ignorant.
If you don't know a thing about a subject Kano, perhaps it's best not to say anything about it. EDIT for Portland Joe: McKitrick's work has been debunked in multiple papers. If you're going to try and show that climate scientists don't know statistics, you should find someone that knows statistics better than McKitrick. 0 5 4 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Neither monckton nor brown is a climatologist, and pointing out that various climate models produce different results is deceptive and unnecessary.
The climate is an inherently chaotic system.
It is probably not possible to "buld a model on physics" that will produce identical results, given even slight differences in input due to variations in the times and locations where the readings are taken.
This doesn't invalidate
the models, it only means there are inherent limits to what the models are capable of, and it is not a license to ignore models that produce results you'd rather not believe in 0 5 4 Login to reply the answers Post Kano Lv
7 7 years ago Climate computer models, are a complete waste of time and money, they are trying to model a chaos system which cant be done, the only way they can get near is with huge error bars, what good is that. They are not even learning anything they are just chasing parameters. If you had a billion dollars to spend on several different scenarios, which the success depended on climate, would you use a climate model to guide you,
I wouldn't. 0 4 3 Login to reply the answers Post Sagebrush Lv
7 7 years ago Ha! Ha! Just look at Trevor. <He must have dealt with chaos theory many times over> A chaotic theory? What will you fellows come up with next? We have the missing heat theory and the Chaotic theory. And both of them are idiotic. Ha! Ha! There is no order to chaos.
In dictionary.com under 'chos': 1. a state of utter confusion or disorder; a total lack of organization or order. 2. any confused, disorderly mass: a chaos of meaningless phrases. 3. the infinity of space or formless matter supposed to have preceded the existence of the ordered universe.
Pretty much it shows disorder. Science is orderly.
Dictionary.com under 'science'. 1. a branch of knowledge or study dealing with a body of facts or truths systematically arranged and showing the operation of general laws: the mathematical sciences. 2. systematic knowledge of the physical or material world gained through observation and experimentation. 3. any of the branches of natural or physical science. 4. systematized knowledge in general. 5. knowledge, as of facts or principles; knowledge gained by systematic study. Please note the word associated with science is 'SYSTEMATIC'. Not confusion and discord. Why do you fellows have to reinvent the English language to get across your point? A computer is just a fancy adding machine. If you enter 2+2 and that equals four that is fine. But if you enter 2+3 and expect to get four, you are not playing with a full deck. As we say in the computer kingdom, "Garbage in, garbage out." We don't know enough about our atmosphere to properly program a computer to do such a thing as you allude to, as evidenced by the fact that we have people, like Trevor, who when their answers come out wrong they blame it on 'chaos' and not their lack of knowledge.
John Barnes,a climate scientist bemoans this very fact : “If you look at the last decade of global temperature, it’s not increasing,” Barnes said. “There’s a lot of scatter to it. But the [climate] models go up. And that has to be explained. Why didn’t we warm up?”..."We do have satellites that can measure the energy budget, but there’s still assumptions there. There’s assumptions about the oceans, because we don’t have a whole lot of measurements in the ocean.”.
He doesn't know. But at least he admits it. He doesn't go out and look for missing heat or blame it on chaos. He says they don't know enough. I agree with that. 0 2 3 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (5) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of girls with tattoos all over themselves? 26 answers Where is all this 'Global Warming'? 10 answers Why do cons doubt global warming when their's much proof? 33 answers hand job...? 8 answers Are you prepared to listen to Greta and take action against global warming ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How many physical fights have you been in your life? What on Earth 🌎 are we going to do about all the fake 🌐 questions from alarmist shills 🌅? What is the solution in broth? Did you ever see a storm coming and then get a job from it? Are you prepared to take action against the main reason solutions of action preparation? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites