Can you list some *specific* evidence that, if present, would convince you you were wrong about AGW? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ChemFlunky Lv
7 ChemFlunky
asked in
Environment Global Warming
·
7 years ago Can you list some *specific* evidence that, if present, would convince you you were wrong about AGW? Being as specific as practical, please list at least one hypothetical piece of evidence that, if present, would convince you that you were substantially wrong about each of the following: 1. Whether or not there was a significant warming trend in the 20th and early 21st centuries 2. Whether or not said warming was primarily anthropogenic 3. Whether or not said warming is likely to continue in the mid to late 21st century 4. Whether or not said warming is likely to cause net harm to humanity in the near to intermediate term 5. Whether or not said warming is likely to cause net harm to ecosystems in the near to intermediate term for example: If it was conclusively demonstrated that average global temperatures in the past routinely/frequenly changed 1C or more in 100 years or less, I might believe that 20th and 21st century warming was not significant. If it is not obvious, please also state what you currently believe on the topic. Update : Please answer point by point, or at least indicate which point each hypothetical piece of evidence is addressing. Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer <Being as specific as practical, please list at least one hypothetical piece of evidence that, if present, would convince you that you were substantially wrong about each of the following: <1. Whether or not there was a significant warming trend in the 20th and early 21st centuries> The warming trend of the 20th and early 21st centuries were history. You may as well ask what it would take to convince me that the Cuban Missile Crisis didn't happen. <2. Whether or not said warming was primarily anthropogenic> A better explanation than man made carbon dioxide for the warming. Something that looks like these graphs http://www.grida.no/publications/other/ipcc_tar/?s... Such graphs would have to show a previously undiscovered natural forcing. Not only would you have to get a better match with temperatures if the new forcing were included, but an even better match with temperatures if carbon dioxide is excluded. <3. Whether or not said warming is likely to continue in the mid to late 21st century> Three scenarios. a. If the forcing from 2 above were to enter a cooling phase. b. If future solar activity could not only be predicted, but that the prediction would be for TSI to continue to drop even when sunspots have bottomed out. c. If volcanic activity could be predicted and if the prediction were for a dramatic sustained increase in volcanic activity. <4. Whether or not said warming is likely to cause net harm to humanity in the near to intermediate term <5. Whether or not said warming is likely to cause net harm to ecosystems in the near to intermediate term> For 4 and 5, if climate models actually worked and painted a rosy picture. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago How about a significant and direct link to temperature increases? Temperature fluctuations are still very extreme like they always have been. The current Global average temperature is less than 0.50C above the established average temp and is decreasing. We may have peaked as far as temperatures are concerned. Record temperatures in the most recent years? It's funny how Climate Science can make that claim when they know that we just came out of an Ice Age 250 years ago and these cycles last 400 to 500 years. Instrumental record keeping is a laughable reason to claim "record temperatures" are a reason AGW is real. 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago The hardcore man-made global warming devotees, the last-ditch warmenistas, bullets whistling around their ears as they huddle in their trench, have staked out far too public and belligerent a position to back down with any grace at all. They were the redwoods on the landscape when global warming was in its heyday, the Al Gores of the world, the U.N. Global Climate panelists, who were only too happy to jet around the world, hop into SUVs, stay in five-star hotels and lecture us little people on how we needed to cramp our lifestyles. There’s no hope for them coming out of this intact. Nor should they, quite frankly — a redwood doesn’t bend in the wind, it breaks, much to the schadenfreude of those tired of its overbearing superciliousness. The good captain goes down with his ship, as Francesco Schettino demonstrated, having the bad luck, as he said, to trip into a lifeboat. But their followers, there’s hope for them. Those who didn’t understand the science but liked to sound as if they did, who went along with the whole global warming thing because, hey, all the smart people believed it, the media told them to believe it and those of us who never bought in, who always thought there was something fishy about the rush to dismantle the Western industrial economy over a few computer-generated graphs and a on-degree temperature rise. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sagebrush Lv
7 7 years ago If CO2 would drive temperature enough to lead and correspond to the temperature. If greenies would stop lying and quit changing the goalposts. If Al Gore wouldn't be getting so rich from the scam. If greenies would settle down to an honest debate. Maybe. If the missing heat was found. If Jeff M would settle down to one honest chart.
If school marm Peggy's dress melted off while visiting Death Valley. (She wears falsies, as every good Climate Scientist. So Watch out.) When the Dork stops asking insane questions for 5 years or more. When the Dork unblocks everyone and correctly admits to his intelligence, or lack there of. When greenies on this site would stop hiding behind their false degrees and act like adults.
When the UN would give back all the money it has bilked from the various countries in the name of AGW or ACC. When President Obama lowers the seas as he promised.
As one who knows that AGW and ACC is a scam, I would not be totally convince if any or all happened, but it would be a good start. 0 5 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Mike Lv
7 7 years ago I would believe there was no significant warming trend if other factors such as poorly sited thermometers(surfacestations.org), urban heat island effect, adjustments by James Hansen, or disappearing thermometers(ChiefIO) could be shown to explain the higher temperatures. 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post Kano Lv
7 7 years ago If there was no pause and there was a strong tropical tropospheric hotspot I might be convinced. 0 6 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago No.
I can not. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of girls with tattoos all over themselves? 26 answers Where is all this 'Global Warming'? 10 answers Why do cons doubt global warming when their's much proof? 33 answers hand job...? 8 answers Are you prepared to listen to Greta and take action against global warming ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What is the solution to the main reason? Are you prepared to listen to common sense and take action against leftists? Are you prepared for Christmas yet? What on Earth 🌎 are we going to do about all the fake 🌐 questions from alarmist shills 🌅? Are you prepared to listen to Greta and take action against global warming ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites