What are the fundamental equations that govern the behavior of the atmosphere? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Ottawa Mike Lv
6 Ottawa Mike
asked in
Environment Global Warming
·
4 years ago What are the fundamental equations that govern the behavior of the atmosphere? I just read this in an article: "... runs of sophisticated climate simulations that embed within their coding the fundamental equations that govern the behavior of the atmosphere."
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environ... Update : I had thought that cloud processes were very poorly understood in climate science, if at all.
Yet, this article implies are very deep and complex understanding. Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance James Lv
5 4 years ago Favorite Answer The fundamental equations are known as the "primitive equations", and you can find a description of them on Wikipedia or in books on numerical weather prediction (NWP) such as "Atmospheric Modeling, Data Assimilation and Predictability" by Kalnay. They are basically statements of mass conservation, Newton's second law in a rotating frame and energy conservation, and conservation of water substance. The description is incomplete on Wikipedia because it does not contain the water conservation equation. Clouds are a problem in the model because the processes are smaller than the grid scale.
Any process that is smaller than the grid scale needs to be parameterized, which is a way to get the model to be able to handle those types of processes that cannot be explicitly modeled.
For clouds, there are several different types of parameterizations used in models, one that is typically used is "cumulus parameterization" that deals with the formation of clouds in the larger sense. For example, a grid size might be 10 kilometers, but when a cumulus cloud forms it may only be about 1 kilometer across, so there needs to be a type of parameterization to handle that. For example, just before I answered this question I started a numerical weather prediction model running with three domains of resolution 9, 3 and 1 kilometer.
The higher resolution domains are "cloud-resolving" meaning that they don't need a parameterization, but the 9 km resolution does, so I chose one called the "Grell scheme".
Parameterizations are an area of active research so people are always trying to improve them. That's the macroscopic (but still smaller than grid size) type of cloud parameterization, but there is another type called "cloud microphysics" which governs the water and ice droplets in the clouds. I also had to choose one of those to run the model. It doesn't stop there, though, there are lots of other things to worry about, such as what happens at the planetary boundary layer, and there are parameterizations for that too. It can be something of an art to choose the right parameterization schemes--there are literally hundreds of different choices that can be made. People usually quickly find out which ones work best and settle on those. And just because there are parameterizations in a model is no reason to dismiss the model--numerical weather prediction has vastly improved over the last 20 years. Clouds aren't modeled perfectly, but the models handle them pretty well and are getting better and better. By the way, I know the first author on that paper very well.
He is a very bright and careful guy. 1 8 3 James Lv
5 4 years ago Report I'd love to know why I've received two thumbs down so far--instead of just thumbing me down, I would appreciate comments as to WHY I'm being give a thumbs down--especially when my answer provides at least some fodder for skeptics. Login to reply the answers Post wintoptil Lv
4 4 years ago Manually creation alike CO2 / Dust fall from the universal accidents or passing by or within Dust- tales at different accessions . But as ill luck would we have it the " Increase of Heat being released towards cool earth shell around earth sigma of in side earth mainly because of the expelling out the under ground water,Oil,minerals and a plenty of under ground water because agricultural,Industrial or drinking purposes.All wish producing soft space,or amorphous non resistance flow up of ; 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Petunia 4 years ago Does it look like I care? Mrs. Hocker 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post JimZ Lv
7 4 years ago I thought so too.
I'm not really an expert on clouds, but: I've looked at clouds from both sides now From up and down and still somehow It's cloud illusions I recall I really don't know clouds at all It seems to me that when you want to exaggerate something, the first thing you do is exaggerate your knowledge.
It is hard to scare people suggesting that we think our CO2 is warming the planet but we aren't that sure about clouds at all. 2 5 5 ... Show all comments Sagebrush Lv
7 4 years ago Report James, you will never like his answers because they are the truth. Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Kano Lv
7 4 years ago As the IPCC says the The climate system is a coupled non-linear chaotic system, and therefore the long-term prediction of future climate states is not possible, in which case you should dump fundamental equations in the trash can. 1 2 7 James Lv
5 4 years ago Report A woefully ignorant statement. Login to reply the answers Post JustBeStill 4 years ago Stuff and Thannngs! 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Sagebrush Lv
7 4 years ago If anyone knew, they could program computer models to get above 0% accuracy. 1 4 8 James Lv
5 4 years ago Report The only thing I know with "0% accuracy" are your questions and answers, which are almost invariably wrong. Login to reply the answers Post dumb Lv
6 4 years ago Stupid is what stupid does. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of girls with tattoos all over themselves? 33 answers Where is all this 'Global Warming'? 14 answers what is the temperature where you are right now? 6 answers Are you prepared to listen to Greta and take action against global warming ? 8 answers January-May 2020 ranked as the 9th warmest on record in the U.S., why did the global warming troll lie and claim it was the second coolest? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is Gale a good spelling for the girl's name ?
Or should it be spelled Gail always? Is Gale too cute? Who was the best team of all time? 3 hours ago? Why do they keep changing the yahooanswers format? What's the differecne!!!!!!!!!!!!? Has the global warming troll been replaced by a bot? Would you rather play sports in a climate controlled building (e.g., basketball), or rather play outside for fresh air (e.g., baseball)?
Wha? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites