I am still struggling to understand Antarctic ice melt? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Kano Lv
7 Kano
asked in
Environment Global Warming
·
6 years ago I am still struggling to understand Antarctic ice melt? This chart from wikipedia show winter and summer temperatures, in the summer it is minus 10C
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0c... so how can it melt when it is ten dgrees below freezing Update : Edit. sorry I didn't explain properly, alarmists are saying the extra ice extent is due to land ice melting and diluting the fresh water. Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Maxx Lv
7 6 years ago Favorite Answer Alarmists don't have an answer for this. They just want us to BELIEVE that the ice on the land surface is melting in subzero weather and running out to the ocean. And they also want us to believe this fresh water does not mix with the ocean water for the months between summer and winter. And when winter finally comes, the fresh water is still sitting on the surface and freezes. Their story requires MUCH FAITH in their man-made Global Warming Religion. And of course they have provided no evidence whatsoever that I've seen, that any ice is melting from the Antarctic land surface to begin with. This is just the 'say anything' crowd saying anything. ----------------------- Also looking at the map of typical Summer and Winter temperatures in the Antarctic, we see that the inland areas are much colder and the surrounding seas are much warmer. So Alarmists want us to believe that the ice is melting where it's MUCH COLDER --- and freezing again where it's MUCH WARMER. This is perfectly logical for an Alarmist, and fit's the man-made Global Warming theory PERFECTLY. ----------------------- 0 5 1 Login to reply the answers Post Sagebrush Lv
7 6 years ago In a greenie world anything can happen.
Quote by David Frame, climate modeler, Oxford University: “Rather than seeing models as describing literal truth, we ought to see them as convenient fictions which try to provide something useful.” You see, greenies think fiction is useful, and they have proven that it is. Just look at the piece of fiction that Al Gore's movie is. And it has shown that it works. Fiction can scare people.
Now as far as ice melting in well below freezing. The ice molecule can disappear from the surface by erosion. Some people think ice can only disappear by melting. I feel sorry for them. Case in point snow disappeared from:Mt. Kilimanjaro. The greenies had a field day until it was proven that the snow disappeared from erosion rather than melting. The temperature on that mountain is monitored. Also, the rivers flowing from the actual melting were monitored. The greenies had to backtrack. A similar occurrence occurred with the Himalayas.
It makes you wonder, who dreams up these scenarios? 0 7 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago That's air temperature. The sea temperature may be higher as it often is. Also if you put an ice cube in a glass of water and observe it melting you may notice that the water level does not rise. This tells me the predictions of rising sea levels is pure tripe. What do you think? 3 3 2 ... Show all comments Maxx Lv
7 6 years ago Report You are correct that ice already floating in water would make for no sea level rise if it melted. But the Antarctic ice is on land. Nevertheless, temperatures remain subzero even during summer in the Antarctic, so the question is how could it ever melt. Alarmists don't seem to have an answer. Login to reply the answers Post Mike Lv
7 6 years ago Have they provided any evidence of the land ice melting? To answer your question, the ice can melt in different ways, such as warmer ocean water underneath the ice.
Also, the temperatures across Antarctica are not uniform with the western peninsula showing lots of warming while the interior is cooling. 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 6 years ago http://c3headlines.typepad.com/.a/6a010536b5803597... Climate Change dementia is nothing new. You will have this problem until the "Climate Clowns" finally realize that CO2 doesn't drive cars. It's the fossil fuels that do the pushing. :-) 0 4 2 Login to reply the answers Post virtualguy92107 Lv
7 6 years ago To show where melt is, you would need a map that shows temperatures at the ice-seawater interface. That includes hundreds of miles of continental shelf wher the ice has floated free of the seabottom, allowing seawater access to the underside of the ice. Please note that glacial ice is flowing downward from the above-sealevel interior - ruining Barnes' analogy. 3 2 4 ... Show all comments Maxx Lv
7 6 years ago Report Which bit of wisdom pegminer? That only the Sun can substantially heat the oceans? Is that what you are talking about? It's from a peer-reviewed study. Login to reply the answers Post Elmer98 Lv
7 6 years ago it is not minus 10 at the ice. you can still have snow melting in a sunny winter day at minus 10 air temperature. learn the difference between land ice and sea ice. 0 3 6 Login to reply the answers Post Kelly 6 years ago before you try to understand science, perhaps you should work on your grammar 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jason Lv
7 6 years ago water temp and radiation 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of girls with tattoos all over themselves? 26 answers Where is all this 'Global Warming'? 10 answers Why do cons doubt global warming when their's much proof? 33 answers hand job...? 8 answers Are you prepared to listen to Greta and take action against global warming ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Anyone help on the predictive value of temps and matching cities. Can it be any two cities? Is Greta Menchi hot? Are you prepared to take action against the main reason solutions of action preparation? Are you prepared to listen to common sense and take action against leftists? Did you ever see a storm coming and then get a job from it? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites