What is the difference between continental glacier and piedmont glaciers ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Environment Other - Environment
·
1 decade ago What is the difference between continental glacier and piedmont glaciers ? Help please !!! Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Piedmont glaciers, which occur only in high latitudes, are formed by the spreading of valley glaciers where they emerge from their valleys or by the confluence of several valley glaciers. A continental glacier is a huge mass of ice that covers a lot of land near the Arctic or Antarctic polar regions. Continental glaciers are found in and around the Arctic, Antarctic circles, Greenland and islands in the polar regions. These huge glaciers are nothing more than huge chunks of ice that began with a single snowfall. First a layer of snow falls in one area. After a while more snow falls until the layer is thicker. Each time a new layer of snow falls it adds weight to the glacier. The layers below the top layer begin to squeeze together until most of air is squeezed out from between the particles of snow. At this point ice forms from the crushed snow. So, the lower ice layers in a glacier are thinner and denser than the layers toward the top of the glacier. This process has gone on for millions of years. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Was my boyfriend hitting on her? 4 answers Do you think finding a COVID19 vaccine will take a year or two? 6 answers What is a good city to move to that has no riots or protests cause my city is out of control.? 11 answers Why are people doing this? 7 answers What are the strange noises coming from the sky? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions In what month will COVID-19 United States vaccine be a 100% reality? Where were you banned in? If the Eastern US were a desert just like the southwest, would the east coast have a Mediterranean climate? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites