What would the collapse of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet mean to the rest of the planet? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Miles Lv
4 Miles
asked in
Environment Global Warming
·
10 years ago What would the collapse of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet mean to the rest of the planet? For the past year now I've watched this global warming site with interest,not just for the information but also for the range of opinion.It seems to come down to just two sides.Those who accept the science and those who don't. Those who don't, appear to go way beyond reasonable in their self expression,however those who accept the science seem reluctant to talk about worst case scenarios. I would like to change that a bit with this question,Thanks for your indulgence. Update : Thanks Eric good links and I think Cguy just gave Jim a News Flash Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Cguy 10 years ago Favorite Answer Man, there are just people who are bound and determined to obfuscate everything.... From DATA (not hyperbole or anything else) First, overall it appears that large areas of the WAIS (West Antarctic Ice Sheet) are losing more mass than is currently being replaced by snowfall. Estimates place the replacement at only about 40%, and the rate of mass loss has been increasing over the last couple of decades. Models of ice sheet break up show that there is a tipping point, a point beyond which the break-up increases very rapidly. What this point is for the WAIS is unknown. If the entire WAIS was to disintegrate, the global sea level rise would be between 3 to 5 meters. As to jim z's comments: 1) He would be correct about no sea level rise if all of the ice was floating. Floating ice is less dense than an equivalent mass of water. If the entire WAIS was floating, its disintegration would lead to a sea level decrease. However, the weight of ice in the WAIS has caused the underlying rock to sink (in some places up to a kilometer, a process called isostatic depression). This ice is not floating, and if it disintegrates and melts, it will lead to a significant sea level increase. 2) His analysis of the chance of collapse being zero would be correct, if the term collapse here meant to fall down. It doesn't. The term collapse here is synonymous with disintegrate or break up. The break up of portions of the ice sheet that are below sea level (but still on land) are significant enough NOW to measurably contribute to sea level rise. 3) Glaciers do melt and calve and reform, but as I mentioned above, the current replacement is around 40% of loss. The truly "exciting" thing would be if one of these tremendously large landed glaciers calved and fell into the ocean. Sure, there would be some sea level rise, but the real damaging part would be the resulting tsunami that could send 10 story waves around the globe (see 1958, Lituya Bay, Alaska). Anyone want to buy ocean front property in Nevada? 0 6 1 Login to reply the answers Post Dana1981 Lv
7 10 years ago The West Antarctic Ice Sheet represents enough ice to raise sea levels about 8 meters (24 feet).
Were the entire sheet to collapse, it would be pretty catastrophic. http://pubs.usgs.gov/fs/fs2-00/ Although West Antarctica is warming rather rapidly: http://rabett.blogspot.com/2010/12/melting-hopes.h... The whole ice sheet isn't going to just suddenly collapse.
It will gradually calve into the ocean as the region and planet continue to warm.
However, it's also imporant to note that the 2001 IPCC report didn't expect the Antarctic or Greenland ice sheets to contribute significantly to sea level rise over the entire 21st century.
They both already are.
As Richard Alley said in March 2006, the ice sheets appear to be shrinking “100 years ahead of schedule.” http://climateprogress.org/2009/06/14/sea-level-ri... The next IPCC report will no doubt revise its 2100 sea level rise projections up to 1-2 meters due to the calving of these ice sheets.
Fortunately it's still a relatively slow process, but the long-term melting of these ice sheets is one reason why many climate scientists advocate that we eventually reduce atmospheric CO2 to 350 ppm. http://www.columbia.edu/~jeh1/2008/TargetCO2_20080... 0 6 3 Login to reply the answers Post JimZ Lv
7 10 years ago There is so much disinformation there on the alarmists side.
You pretend to listen to scientists.
I think you just listen to leftist blogs.
They will state in one sentence that there is enough water frozen there to raise sea levels by .... meter and the next sentence say it is froze 2000 meters thick below sea level.
Obviously the first statement is meant to fool the gullible.
That water that is frozen is below sea level and would not cause a rise.
A portion above also would not cause a rise since ice is less dense.
These are scientific facts.
If you are truely interested in science and not causes you should pay attention.
My guess is you won't.
The chance of it collapsing is nearly zero since it lies on the ocean floor.
The chance of it melting some is always there and it might contribute to minor sea level rise but I don't see the credible evidence that it is remotely likely that it would all melt or even significantly melt in the near future. News flash to you Eric.
Glaciers always melt and calve.
I wonder if you ever heard of icebergs.
Even if one of these large glacers broke off, it would tend to reform.
These sorts of things happen all the time and since we have generally warmed in the last several hundred years it should surprise or alarm anyone IMO. 0 7 5 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago Well... If the West Antarctic Ice Sheet were to collapse within the next 20 or 40 years, what exactly can we actually DO about it? Now if the collapse takes place in 100 to 200 years, I can see the ability of man to make a difference.
But...20 - 40 years?
Meh...at this rate we're already lost.
No way we could run the world like it is today and avoid the collapse simultaneously.
By avoiding this disaster we would have to set our living styles back twenty or so years and that just won't happen. 0 1 7 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Eric 10 years ago About 2-3m of immediate sea level rise, which may cause some to change their tune.
I invite all skeptics to move to beachfront property in Florida, or New Orleans. James Lovelock has said:
"There has been a lot of speculation that a very large glacier [Pine Island glacier] in Antarctica is unstable. If there's much more melting, it may break off and slip into the ocean. It would be enough to produce an immediate sea-level rise of two metres, something huge, and tsunamis. I would say the scientists are not worried about it, but they are keeping a close watch on it. That would be the sort of event that would change public opinion." Source(s):
http://climateprogress.org/2009/08/13/west-antarct...
http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/01/10011...
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/blog/2010/ma... 0 5 7 Login to reply the answers Post OnTrac 10 years ago The rise in sea level causing the flooding of land below sea level. 0 3 5 Login to reply the answers Post Punartham Lv
7 10 years ago there will be drastic changes in local and regional weather patterns 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Rio Lv
6 10 years ago Other then assumption, there's not one shred of evidence that suggest that will happen. Its impossible to enlighten an alarmist or a fanatic. 0 1 5 Login to reply the answers Post Peter Lv
6 10 years ago Other than being a hazard for shipping nothing will happen. 0 4 6 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of girls with tattoos all over themselves? 26 answers Where is all this 'Global Warming'? 10 answers Why do cons doubt global warming when their's much proof? 33 answers hand job...? 8 answers Are you prepared to listen to Greta and take action against global warming ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are you prepared to take action against the main reason solutions of action preparation? Did you ever see a storm coming and then get a job from it? Can I get help with these weather questions? Are you prepared to listen to common sense and take action against leftists? Anyone help on the predictive value of temps and matching cities. Can it be any two cities? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites