how often should you change your bed sheets? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Katherine ♥ Katherine ♥
asked in
Home & Garden Cleaning & Laundry
·
1 decade ago how often should you change your bed sheets? if you sleep in them everyday? Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Nikki 1 decade ago Favorite Answer If you wash your sheets every 5-6 days you’ll prevent microbial bacteria from forming. While we are sleeping we are shedding skin cells and dust mites enjoy feasting on them! If you don’t keep your sheets clean then they will eventually take over. DON’T FORGET: Although you make your bed every day, it is good to turn down your sheets once or twice a week. Basically fold the covers so the fitted sheets are exposed and open the windows so you can air you bed out. Also it leaves it smelling as fresh as the day you changed your sheets. ALSO: If you turn your pillow every few nights to the other side your face will not rub against dead skin cells, thus preventing spots. WHITE SHEETS: are such great investments as you can easily bleach them and they always look as good as new. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post kathy s 1 decade ago This would vary from person to person. If it is summertime and hot, you might want to change them pretty frequently. If you are a "night" bather or showerer you are going to bed in clean sheets, with a clean body and clean night clothes - once a week should be sufficient in most cases. Again, matter of choice.
I have extra sheets, but always keep two sets for each bed in my home that are nice sheets.
That way, there is always a clean set available if I decide to change them more often. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Itjust a matter of personal preference and really is up to you.
I often ask people too think about it like changing the oil on your car every 3000 miles. You don't have to but it will protect your mattress investment. I prefer once a week.
8 Helpful Hints For Proper Mattress And Boxspring Care
http://www.stlbeds.com/articles/2008/05/28/8-helpf... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post JAKE450 Lv
5 1 decade ago As a general rule, we change our bedsheets once a week, but it happens that sometimes it's a few days longer than that. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in triminman Lv
5 1 decade ago Weekly. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Alli8833 Lv
6 1 decade ago Every week or two, depending on what you're doing on them. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post WordsofWisdom Lv
7 1 decade ago we change ours every week or two weeks, it also depends on where you live, in Hawaii we changed every week...here in winter country ever two weeks. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Everytime after shooting your load on them? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bonno Lv
6 1 decade ago remember college & some kids would not change them all semester???? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Hallway carpet? 4 answers My wife went insane during quarantine and burned all of my clothes and bedsheets then she chased me three blocks with a knife. What now? 8 answers How to keep a tidy organized home with a toddler and 2 teens ? 10 answers Can white vinegar be used for cleaning coins? 6 answers How to count tissue paper? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions how do i deep clean old counter tops? How can I get rid of an oil stain when its raining? What can I use to remove stain from foam in chair? Hallway carpet? Tide vs. Persil? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites