I MUST KNOW HOW TO KILL BURDOCKS? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Grant Logan Grant Logan
asked in
Home & Garden Garden & Landscape
·
1 decade ago I MUST KNOW HOW TO KILL BURDOCKS? any effective way to kill burdocks without pulling them out of the ground Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer If you chop it to the ground, it will grow back from the root.
If you chop it every week or two, the roots will be depleted of energy and die. You need a sharp hoe.
They sell them dull, you will have to sharpen it yourself.
It should take no more force to shave the soil than shaving your face. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago yes you have to cut the tops off and put it into black garbage bags.. why cause the flowers will not spread to cause more to grow..cut the plant as far down as you can,and cover them with black plastic,I use garbage bags...you have to keep it covered a whole season in order
to stop growth,by doing this you will kill it..this is the hard way if you want to plant in this area...if like me you want to make a foot path it works out just fine... another way is to pour vinegar unto the plant,do not add any water,this you will have to do a couple of times, and after it rains a couple of times the vinegar will wash away,and you can plant.. I did the first one and it worked for me..good luck.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Juliet Died Alone Lv
4 1 decade ago Why ??
Did you know that was the inspiration for velcro was invented......? Here maybe this will help you....seem to have some useful tips...like cutting and mowing...mowing...cutting......it will be difficult but it seems a few have been able to do it.....Good Luck. http://forums.gardenweb.com/forums/load/upstateny/... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post marlene Lv
6 1 decade ago get a hypodermic syringe, fill it with paraffin. inject it in to the stem .this will kill the roots 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what size bolt for removing lawn mower blade? 15 answers Should I report my neighbor for not mowing his lawn every week? 28 answers What type of gas to use on a lawn mower? 24 answers When should you cut back daffodil & tulip leaves? 4 answers Does hedge trimmer need maintained? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions what could i measure in killograms? If a Pine tree and Oak tree was planted in the same field which tree will dominate the land as years by? does anyone have poison ivy(plant) that i can buy? Is there a natural weed killer that wont kill grass? Lawn brown spots? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites