need a heater/plumber technician, is an electronic ignition better than a standing pilot for a Burnham cast? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Gene Gene
asked in
Home & Garden Maintenance & Repairs
·
1 decade ago need a heater/plumber technician, is an electronic ignition better than a standing pilot for a Burnham cast? iron boiler and what's the difference
thank u Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance pipe strangler Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The simple difference is there is no running cost for electronic ignition as against permanent pilot. The real problem unless you are buying a new appliance is the whole set up is different and it would cost something to alter from a pilot if in fact it could be done as the pilot is your gas safety device. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Kenmore fridge is warm but my freezer is working fine, what's wrong? 7 answers 6 point or 12 point? 8 answers Have U ever known anyone who navigated their steep roof by scooting around on their butts cause they were afraid to try to stand up and walk? 5 answers My roommate washes dishes with the faucet running full blast...? 6 answers broke a pyrex dish in the sink and there is glass in the garbage disposal.  what is the best way to get it out? 18 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions compatible air blower for an old spin master model H-4? How good is pig grease for lubercation? Air Conditiong- Reme Halo UV power indicator is blinking? Kenmore fridge is warm but my freezer is working fine, what's wrong? 5 speed ceiling fan runs slow on speed 4 and speed 3. what to do ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites