what is this plant? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Home & Garden Garden & Landscape
·
5 years ago what is this plant? this plant is supposed to be a herb (given by a friend year ago) which is about 1 meter high, broad leaves. its flower and fruit are shown in attached photo. and I had taken photos of its fruit and seed* -- the fruit had hairs with hooks around ball fruit which is about half inch in diameter,
and it will catch any person passing by. and the seed looks like those of pine tree. what is this plant? *I can not attach more photos of fruit and seed here Update : the leaves are wide and broad, like small pumpkin leaves. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance glenn t Lv
7 5 years ago Favorite Answer burdock 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 5 years ago Looks like a "Passion Flower". 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jim 5 years ago Marijuana 1 1 1 inyma a Lv
6 5 years ago Report According Yahoo photos, marijuana leaves are very narrow and saw-like edges with sharp end. but
this plant is with wide and broad leaves Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what size bolt for removing lawn mower blade? 15 answers Should I report my neighbor for not mowing his lawn every week? 28 answers What type of gas to use on a lawn mower? 24 answers When should you cut back daffodil & tulip leaves? 4 answers Does hedge trimmer need maintained? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What caterpillar is this? what could i measure in killograms? does anyone have poison ivy(plant) that i can buy? Is there a natural weed killer that wont kill grass? If a Pine tree and Oak tree was planted in the same field which tree will dominate the land as years by? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites