i have two maple trees in my back yard. both have come down with white spots all over the bark. what is it.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products bduguay035@rogers.com bduguay035@rogers.com
asked in
Home & Garden Garden & Landscape
·
1 decade ago i have two maple trees in my back yard. both have come down with white spots all over the bark. what is it.? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance raven s 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Hi, Without seeing the trees, I can't say, but it sounds like your trees may be infested with scale. The cottony maple scale, Pulvinaria innumerabilis (Rathvon), is a highly modified insect pest that commonly attacks silver and red maples in Ohio. The scales are usually first noticed when the females produce an egg sac which appears as a 1/4 to 1/2-inch long ball of cotton. Heavy infestations can result in branches being turned completely white with the egg sacs. Like most scale insects, the nearly mature insects, the adults and the eggs are resistant to pesticides and the anxious tree owner must wait until the correct time for management. Plants Attacked: Cottony maple scales reach epidemic numbers on silver maple but noticeable populations can occur on red maple. It is also known to be able to survive on other species of maple, honey and black locust, white ash, euonymus, oak, boxelder, dogwood, hackberry, sycamore, beech, elm, willow, basswood, and poplar. Damage Normally, this scale is a mere curiosity and nuisance. The white egg sacs easily attract attention and the developing scales produce honeydew. Honeydew is the excess water and sugar excreted by many plant sap-feeding insects. Honeydew is commonly mistaken for "plant sap" being dropped on cars, sidewalks and lawn furniture lying under trees. When honeydew collects on leaves and branches, bees, wasps and ants are attracted to the area. If the honeydew is allowed to remain, molds called "sooty fungus" grow on the material, turning the surface a gray-black color. Occasionally, heavy outbreaks of this scale occur, usually on weakened or stressed trees. These outbreaks can cause the death of numerous small branches and occasionally the death of a tree. Description and Life Cycle Mature cottony maple scales are small, flat, oval, brown insects without obvious legs, antennae or wings. They are firmly attached to the twigs and branches of various trees and may be 1/4 to 3/8-inch in diameter. At maturity, the females produce the white, cottony egg masses (called ovisacs) over a period of several weeks. The "cotton" is really waxy threads and the ovisac may contain over 1,500 eggs. These eggs hatch from mid-June to August and the young nymphs are called scale crawlers. These microscopic crawlers are small, flat, oval insects with two distinct eyes, short antennae and tiny legs. The crawlers walk onto the leaves and tend to attach alongside the major leaf veins, usually on the underside. Here, the nymphs produce copious amounts of honeydew and grow by molting once. By this time the scales look like two different kinds, a translucent white to pink form and a larger, flat, tan form. These are males and female scales, respectively. In September, the male scales emerge as tiny winged gnat-like insects that move around on the leaves in search of females. After mating, the males die and the females soon withdraw their mouthparts and crawl back onto small twigs and branches. Here, the reinsert their mouthparts and settle down for the remainder of their life. These females first appear greenish with a white powdery coating and they are about 1/8-inch long. By winter, they have turned buff in color and in the following spring and early summer they turn a chestnut-brown. When the sap begins to flow in the spring, the females continue to grow and they again produce considerable amounts of honeydew. By late May to early June, the females have matured and they begin to produce their ovisacs. Control Hints: This pest has numerous parasites and predators that normally keep its populations in check. However, every few years, these natural controls seem to fail and the cottony maple scale can reach epidemic proportions. Unfortunately, weak trees can be severely damaged during these outbreak years. Healthy trees often loose a few small branches and have no apparent long term problems. What makes management of this scale more difficult is the fact that insecticide applications may actually cause the scale problem to continue longer than normal. This is caused by poor timing of a pesticide application that kills most of the parasites and predators but allows survival of the resistant scale stages. Strategy 1: Cultural and Biological Control - Silver maples in restricted street lawns or suffering other stresses from drought, compacted soils, poor fertilization, etc. are the ones most likely to exhibit major branch or crown dieback. Improving the tree growing conditions will significantly help the trees survive the cottony maple scale attacks until the natural predators and parasites build up to effective levels. The most important predators are several black lady beetles that have two red spots on the upper surface. The most common one, Hyperaspis signata, has a larva that looks like a mealybug. Both the adults and larvae enter ovisacs to dine on the egg masses. This causes the ovisacs to have a very tattered look by mid-July. All of these lady beetles continue to dine on the nymphs that settle on the leaves. The settled nymphs are also attacked by several tiny wasps. These lay eggs in the nymphs and their developing larvae devour the pest from the inside out. Affected scales often turn brown or black and have tiny round emergence holes on their back surface. Strategy 2: Use "Soft" Pesticides - Soaps and horticultural oils can be very effective in managing the freshly settled crawlers. These materials also have a minimal adverse affect on the adult lady beetles and parasites already in settled crawlers. Insecticidal soaps or 1.5% horticultural oil must be applied thoroughly to the leaves, both to the underside and upper surfaces, in order to kill the scales. Soaps and oils only kill the pests on contact. Application of soaps or oils should be made in mid-July and again in early August, if additional crawlers are found. Strategy 3:Standard Insecticide Applications - Several insecticides are registered for control of scale crawlers and newly settled crawlers. These pesticides, again, often need to be applied in sufficient spray quantity to wet both the leaf upper and lower surfaces. Apply registered products in mid-July and again in the second week of August for best control.
Strategy 4: Dormant Oils Sprays - Dormant oil sprays have been traditionally used to manage many scales on ornamental trees. Unfortunately, many maples are sensitive to these oil sprays and significant small branch dieback or spring leaf drop can occur, if the dormant oil was applied after the maple sap has begun to flow. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post MellyMel Lv
4 1 decade ago its probably lichen but it could be a fungus as well 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Should I report my neighbor for not mowing his lawn every week? 22 answers What type of gas to use on a lawn mower? 22 answers Does hedge trimmer need maintained? 4 answers What are some of the best self-propelled lawn mowers? ? 5 answers 9 m3 of topsoil is spread across a lawn with 12 m in length and 7.5 m wide. How deep is the layer of topsoil? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions See below.? Why did my apple tree sapling
stop growing? How can I fix it? Does hedge trimmer need maintained? Can this aloe be repotted? How can I find the names of the flowers or plants i see in the forest? Is there an app or sth. I take its photo and the app tells me which? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites