brand of gas boiler is mid-high range ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Gene Gene
asked in
Home & Garden Maintenance & Repairs
·
1 decade ago brand of gas boiler is mid-high range ? Do you recommend a Burnham cast iron or what other recommendations ? Thank u Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance DAN THE AC MAN Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer all the major brands are good....columbia [ which includes utica],,slant-finn,burnham, weil-mclain,etc.....the two things i would avoid if possible on any brand boiler is "hot surface ignition",,i think "intermittent spark pilot" is more reliable....and i would avoid boilers that have an "inducer", which is basically a small blower that pulls the fumes through the boiler sections and blows them into the chimney or main vertical vent pipe...."natural draft" is simpler and more reliable than "induced draft"...all hot air furnaces are now induced draft but you still have a choice with boilers...an exception would be if you have to vent the boiler out of a wall instead of to a chimney or vertical vent pipe...in that instance you cant avoid a boiler with an inducer or side wall vent blower... stay in the 78-83% efficiency range...much higher than that adds cost and complexity,,not worth it in my opinion.......dan Source(s):
hvac tech 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post roxi Lv
4 4 years ago My mom has had a collection of Wustof classic for the previous 15 years and has abused the crap out of them. And with the occasional sharpening, they have completed o.k. for her. As a expert cook dinner, I actual have 2 separate contraptions of knives, those i exploit commonplace, and those I save sharp continually, and don't get banged around commonplace. those i exploit commonplace are those that I have been given from cooking college, the full set, consisting of an entire set of baking equipment-which in all probability value approximately 0.5-and the full replaced into approximately 3 hundred money. I have no thought what the type is. My stable set, consisting of Pablo (my 10 inch Chef's knife) replaced right into a cutting-edge from my mom and father, and is composed of a small paring knife, a boning knife, the ten inch chef's knife, a application knife, and a bread/serrated knife. that's my Wustof classic set, and that i take immaculate care of them. They ended up costing approximately 450 money. i could get her those fundamentals: Chef's knife-in all probability 8 inches paring knife-3 a million/2 inches bread/serrated knife- 8-10 inches those will conceal especially plenty each and everything she might want. Now the boning and application knifes are very effective to have, yet not likely needed. I might desire to tell you, on my desire checklist for
Christmas
is a Wustof classic Santoku with hollow floor ovals, which runs approximately $ninety. that's in basic terms icing on the cake for my set. don't get me incorrect although, my Wusthofs have been used and abused, and that i could decide for to lead them to final continually, so as that's why i exploit my extra inexpensive set on a commonplace foundation. Oh! I very almost forgot kitchen shears, I actual have a Wusthof pair and that they are used commonplace, because of the fact they weren't almost as high priced because of the fact the knives. yet they are nonetheless surprising. besides, i like Wusthofs, yet Henckels and Globals are especially surprising too. i could say that they are going to all final a minimum of one lifetime with some first rate TLC. stable success, i desire this helped a splash!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Kenmore fridge is warm but my freezer is working fine, what's wrong? 7 answers 6 point or 12 point? 8 answers Have U ever known anyone who navigated their steep roof by scooting around on their butts cause they were afraid to try to stand up and walk? 5 answers My roommate washes dishes with the faucet running full blast...? 6 answers broke a pyrex dish in the sink and there is glass in the garbage disposal.  what is the best way to get it out? 18 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Have U ever known anyone who navigated their steep roof by scooting around on their butts cause they were afraid to try to stand up and walk? What are a primary heating installations? Kenmore fridge is warm but my freezer is working fine, what's wrong? Should I use lag bolts or wood screws? Need my AC Tonnage? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites