ROOF SHINGLE GUARANTEE? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Home & Garden Maintenance & Repairs
·
9 years ago ROOF SHINGLE GUARANTEE? We bought a house from a lady in 2006..
she had the roof replaced/re shingled in 2001.
She gave us the receipt because the roof was to come with a 25 yr guarantee.
I need the roof fixed.. I called the original installer, but he said because the house was sold, the guarantee is void?
How can I get him to fix the roof for free? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Mayan Lv
6 9 years ago Favorite Answer You can't find out whether the warranty is void unless you read the warranty.
If the warranty says that it is valid only for the original owner, then that's true.
If you can't get a copy then you can't find out whether your roof is covered by the warranty.
Asking the roofing company is not a good way to find out.
Get the written warranty from the seller of your house.
Or find it on line.
Or get it from some other customer of that roofing company.
Or sue them and get the warranty through discovery. If the written warranty says that the roof is guaranteed for 25 years even if the house is sold, that's the only way to get the installer to fix it free.
And even then, this will work only if the defect is one that is covered. This answer must not be relied on as legal advice for the reasons posted here:
http://mcgyverdisclaimer.blogspot.com
.
And I am not your attorney.
Mayan 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Danny Lv
4 9 years ago When it’s all said and done . . . that 25 /30/?? Year Shingle warrantee only means something to the insurance company when they need to assess monetary damage after a hail storm or any other roof damaging catastrophe. It is not a guarantee as to how long the roof will be leak free. Go to any big box store that sells shingles and read the warranty, what you’ll find is a complicated set of instructions as to how the shingles must be applied or the warrantee is nil and void by the shingle manufacture and I promise you no roofer installs the shingles in the method set forth by the shingle manufacture.
Then read the roofers contract and you’ll find X amount of years labor warranty and X amount of years for leaks and neither will be close to the 25 / 30 / ?? However many years the shingle is warranted for. The contract the seller gave you? Take it to the outhouse next time and use it for what it’s good for because it’s not going to help you get your roof repaired. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ronald Greene Lv
7 9 years ago You need to get a copy of the warranty to see if it is transferable to a new buyer.
Even if the warranty says it isn't, laws in your state may protect you regardless of what the warranty claims. You also need to find out if the warranty is from the manufacturer or the installer.
If it's from the manufacturer, provided the installer did so correctly, the roof should be covered. Since the roof and other work done remains with the house, the warranty should be valid no matter who buys it.
It sounds like the installer is trying to weasel out of his responsibility.
Find out what your rights are under the law. Source(s):
Experience 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago ask your lawyer the guarantee is for the roof and not for the owner the contract is valid till 2026 If you need your old carpets to be clean up, please visit us Source(s):
http://www.heavensbest.com/ 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in anonymous Lv
4 9 years ago if the installer said it was void then it's void. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Kenmore fridge is warm but my freezer is working fine, what's wrong? 7 answers 6 point or 12 point? 8 answers Have U ever known anyone who navigated their steep roof by scooting around on their butts cause they were afraid to try to stand up and walk? 5 answers My roommate washes dishes with the faucet running full blast...? 6 answers broke a pyrex dish in the sink and there is glass in the garbage disposal.  what is the best way to get it out? 18 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Need my AC Tonnage? 5 speed ceiling fan runs slow on speed 4 and speed 3. what to do ? What are a primary heating installations? Kenmore fridge is warm but my freezer is working fine, what's wrong? Should I use lag bolts or wood screws? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites