drywall a mobile home? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products maureen h maureen h
asked in
Home & Garden Decorating & Remodeling
·
1 decade ago drywall a mobile home? I live in Ontario where the winters get cold my mobile sits on block pier foundation not down below the frost line I
want to know if I drywall will it crack with the shifting of the ground does it shift enough to worry about I would like to hear from people who has done this to there mobile home Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance CJ 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I do not own a modular home, but, I have done numerous repairs to them throughout the years. I am a Michigander, so I am very well-informed on the variances in climate, moisture, and other factors that can, and do, affect the conditions of All residences in colder climates.
One thing I will say is "Yes, it probably will crack." The reason I say this is my belief that most modular's are not the most efficiently insulated structures. Other reasons are their construction. Most, If not all, modular's are constructed out of 2x2 framing.( 1-1/2"x 1-1/2")
They are hung with 3/8" drywall, on the walls. and 1/2" drywall on the lids. These structures are built in this manner to reduce the weight on the sub-structure. Which is structural Steel I-Beams. Now, depending on the sub-strata your residence is located on, the amount of shifting is going to vary.If it is sitting on bedrock, you are not going to have much shifting(of the ground). Their are so many variables to this type of question that you need to factor in. You are probably the best person to answer most, if not all, of these questions. make a written ledger of all the data you can acquire, and make the best educated guess based on this info that you can.
Also, factor in the amount of activity in the residence. Are their children? Their ages, weights and activity levels will have an effect. As far as worrying goes, I guess that is a personal view. I would have some extra joint compound on hand, just in case the joints start to show some stress cracks. I would strongly suggest that you stagger the seams in as many ways as you can. Make sure you make the seam of two sheets, the mid-point of the sheet going over them. Never have a seam on a seam. this technique is used for many reasons in the construction trade. strength, water shedding, easier taping, etc. I hope this info. will be of some use to you. Good Luck!
Source(s):
20+ years of Construction experience. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Don Lv
6 1 decade ago I had some friends that had their doublewide mobile home drywalled.
I told them it was a really stupid idea.
That was 15 years ago and, truthfully, it still looks great.
I didn't think it would work, but it did, and just fine.
Their drywallers used fiberglass tape, just like normal.
Based on that, I'd say do it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post sensible_man Lv
7 1 decade ago From what I have seen, most mobile homes with drywall, use a cover strip between the sheets to allow for expansion and contraction, rather than joint compound. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions can bed delivery guys take my old bed? 8 answers Bedsheets installation: Are you supposed to sleep on a flat sheet or under it? ? 6 answers How to fix scratched drywall? ? 4 answers Does anyone have any ideas on what to do with this bit here? 7 answers in Alabama what are the hours construction crews can do renovations.? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Gold leaf frame? I’m building a custom wood slide as part of a playset I’m building for my kids. Do you have any idea where to get plastic or what kind I ? I am looking for residence as a roommate, What is the best way to find a room? What posters of musicians were on a teenagers bedroom walls in 2001? Looking for a couch similar to the one pictured below? Any suggestions? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites