montreal postal code in A8A format? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Mani Krishna Mani Krishna
asked in
Travel Canada Montreal
·
9 years ago montreal postal code in A8A format? What is the postal code for Montreal in the A8A format for parceling a item from Canada to India. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance FrozenPond Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer There are hundreds of postal codes in Montreal.All postal codes in Montreal start with an H,not an A.You can enter the street address here to find the postal code. http://www.canadapost.ca/cpotools/apps/fpc/persona... 0 6 0 Login to reply the answers Post gitchell Lv
4 4 years ago Postal Code Format Source(s):
https://shrinke.im/a06eL 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Chezcat Lv
4 9 years ago Your question is a little vague. Not sure if you mean literally A8A or the formal of Letter#Letter. Regardless the city of Montreal as any city has numerous different postal codes. A postal code gernally is only for a block of houses or so and they differ slightly from block to block within a city with the first 3 digits being common for a large area. Anyway A8A is the begining of postal codes in NL not in Montreal. To find a specific postal code you need the adderss. With that you can then look it up with Canada post here:
http://www.canadapost.ca/cpotools/apps/fpc/persona... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ruth Lv
5 9 years ago Montreal, like any other city, town or village in Canada, has a lot of postal codes. You would need to know the specific address in order to obtain the postal code. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Pauline Lv
4 4 years ago every place in the world has a postal-code. One example is Beverly Hills - it has the postal-code 90210. when you send someone a letter or parcel, this code is very important. You may spell beverly hills wrong, but the post-office can still read the postal-code and put the mail in the correct box... also if there are e.g. 2 cities called Jackson, then the only way the post-office knows which one you mean is thru the postal-code. postal-code is also called zipcode in some countries. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post JJ Lv
6 9 years ago All postal codes in Montreal start with H. If you just need
a code to calculate shipping costs, you could use "H1A," but for the actual shipping label you'll need to find out the specific postal code of the shipper. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Quebecois are autistic and useless. They make the French from France and Americans sophisticated. True? 5 answers Are Quebeckers and Americans the same people? 6 answers Does French Canada have any traditions? 4 answers Any good American restaurants in Montreal? 4 answers Are Mandarin and Punjabi the two dominant languages of Montreal? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is the choo choo train (metro) still operating? Who hired Valerie Plante to run Montreal? What are some physical features of Montreal, QC? Where can i get viagra in montreal without prescription? Nightlife in Montreal? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites