Is Somalia safe for Jewish American businessmen ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Travel Africa & Middle East Other - Africa & Middle East
·
6 years ago Is Somalia safe for Jewish American businessmen ? A friend of mine (venture capitalist) said that Somalia is the new frontier of business and wants to go ere yo make money. He said he meet some guys on a online web forum that will meet him at the airport.
I'm worried they will kidnap him.... Do you think my concern is unfounded ?!? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Adam 6 years ago Favorite Answer lol no, i heard of stories that will scare you for days. tell your friend to stay home. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rackoon 6 years ago Most likely yes. That's the old frontier business actually, kidnapping for money. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post travaler_teacher Lv
4 6 years ago Yes, just as long as he does not engage into any unscrupulous business practices. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions If you could go back in time and make the entire Middle East a Christian-majority region, would you do so? 5 answers If Christianity and Islam for whatever reason go to war with each other again one day, which side would YOU be willing to fight for? 4 answers are people from Nigeria and Niger both called Nigerians? 4 answers Is it a good idea to travel from London to Iran by car? 8 answers do you call it Persia or Iran? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Would you recommend travel to Syria? I wanna go there so bad? How many languages are their in Nigeria? Where can I get good solar and inverter batteries in Lagos.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites