where do I get a forklift certificate or related thing in CALGARY? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ilikedream673 ilikedream673
asked in
Travel Canada Calgary
·
1 decade ago where do I get a forklift certificate or related thing in CALGARY? where do I get a forklift certificate or related thing in CALGARY? I want to work as a forklift operater and almost every companies I contacted required it, so please if there is any school or institution let me know so that I can get it no matter how expensive it is to take course. and I am sure it must be very short, maybe up to 1week? less than that I hope. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Karen L Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Open your phone book to "forklift" and see which companies offer training. You could go online too but phone books are usually faster. I took a basic course which was one day, designed so you could learn to drive a forklift without tipping it over or blowing up the propane, and get a piece of paper indicating you had basic knowledge, but you didn't spend much time actually on the forklift. There may be courses which give you more time on the machine. The people who had obviously spent a lot of time on one got a 'production' rating, indicating they could not only drive one but do it fast.
0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it safe to drive on the Trans Canada highway end of December from Calgary Airport to Banff National Park? 7 answers What is the cheapest website or way to travel domestically inside Canada , even i dont want to take luggages? 7 answers Calgary is a nice place? 8 answers What advice can be given to someone in Calgiary, where snow and cold is every day? 10 answers Where can you buy bear spray in Calgary? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How to relocate to titan? I'm from Calgary, just wondering who is Unforgiven MC? One of these guys bought chili and coffee for about 10 homeless guys at tim hortons.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites