Serbian or bosnian? what language is easier to learn ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Travel Europe (Continental) Other - Europe
·
7 years ago Serbian or bosnian? what language is easier to learn ? i noted serbian and bosnian are practically the same language, but we have to consider that Bosnian uses latin alphabet while serbian uses cyrilic, but if i learn bosnian instead of serbian, can i use my bosnian in Serbia without any knowledge of cyrilic ?
i thought bosnian is easier than serbian because it uses latin alplhabet while serbian cyrilic is difficult for use to me. Also, bosnian uses the same declinations found in serbian language ? Thanks! Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Krak Lv
5 7 years ago Favorite Answer British or Canadian English..Which one is harder? Bosnian language is not simmilar to but it is Serbian. It is called Bosnian now because of the 1990'war and Bosnian independence - but in reality it was only a dialect of Serbian, or Serbo/Croatian if you wish. Good luck finding books on ''Bosnian'' language.
It is as if you wanted to learn American language, or Canadian language...It is all English. It differs in some everyday terms, slangs, pronunciation..But that is about it..Dialects. Same is with Serbian and Bosnian, Montenegrin, even Croatian...Just political terms not linguistic, that appear as soon as one of those republics gain independence. The only thing that separate Bosnian from other languages in the region is using significantly more Turcisms and Islamic terms in their everyday speech..They force the Arabic rather than local pronunciation of the letter ''H'' (doing it wrong btw) even though hard and soft ''H'' is not natural for this part of Europe. The reason for it is their wish to be more - Muslim.
Muslims in Bosnia also use a lot of neo Croatisms. That goes for Bosnian Muslims, other half of Bosnians are Serbs who use cyrillic as well as latin and don't use that much Turcisms or Croatisms in speech.Again politics. Why do you think Serbs only use cyrillic..It is official letter, that has to be used in official documents, but in practice, for practical reasons Latin is much more widely used. Honestly I don't understand why would you use Bosnian, the most mixed up, changed, undefined dialect of all, which originaly sounds quite crude and redneck to be honest..When you can either learn Serbian or Croatian (also can be argued to be same languages, but Croats changed a lot of their grammar and vocab. so...) 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post feltz Lv
4 4 years ago Bosnian Language Course Source(s):
https://shrinkurl.im/a7VVR 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Alberto 7 years ago My dear, Serbian uses both Cyrillic and Latin alphabets. Therefore, if you learn Serbian with Latin alphabets it is exactly like learning Bosnian (even Croatian) If you plan to go to Serbia then don't worry about learning Cyrillic because Latin is more widely used there (example: 80% of newspapers). If you plan to go to Bosnia don't worry too because both scripts are present side by side in road signs and media yet it varies from an area to another depending on the ethnic population. Of course you can use your Bosnian in Serbia without the knowledge of Cyrillic simply because everyone in Serbia knows Latin, they are taught both alphabets at school and most Serbs prefer Latin. When you speak to people you don't really choose what script to talk with so that's no issue.
Bosnian language never tried to extinguish itself from Serbian like Croatian did. Croatian still remains 95% identical to Serbian. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago They'r both the same languages.
Serbians like to think they're so much different than everyone else, but no, we're (Croats, Serbians, Bosnians) all the same in every way except for religion. But anyway, yes, Bosnian is easy to learn due to them using the latin alphabet. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in JasonAmazing Lv
5 7 years ago Very close languages. To speak either one will work at both places. Maybe Bosnian latin would b more usefull because you can use the knowledge in Croatia too , and a lot of places in Serbia use latin (for signs) 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does anyone really believe that the USA is not a 3rd world country compared to Finland, Sweden and Norway? 4 answers I’m travelling from the UK to Europe on the 8th of June by car. Do I need to bring any documents because of corona.? 6 answers What country is really the best in the world...Sweden, Finland, ect? 7 answers Time zone adjustment? 4 answers Are there any countries in Europe where European citizens are allowed to move? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is serbia now open for travel? I read where there is no entry requierments nor quarintine entering serbia is this true ? Attending college in Europe as an American.? Does anyone really believe that the USA is not a 3rd world country compared to Finland, Sweden and Norway? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites