which state is larger in area,Delaware or Hawaii? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Caitlyn C Caitlyn C
asked in
Travel United States Other - United States
·
1 decade ago which state is larger in area,Delaware or Hawaii? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance imdashti Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Hawaii is more than three times larger than Delaware with an area of 6459 sq miles whereas Delaware is only 2026 sq miles. Source(s):
Britannica Book of the Year 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post rlndsv 1 decade ago Hawaii 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bandit Lv
6 1 decade ago Hawaii 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the Southern United States like? 12 answers What US State has the least amount of black people? 4 answers How do I sneak out of state without my parents knowing? 11 answers My wife wants to live in Oregon and i want to live in colorado. where should we move to and why? 4 answers Is Alaska a Country or a State? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Where is there a town in Delaware that has beaches along the Atlantic Ocean? MY MOM'S WISH LIST- A LIGHTHOUSE?! ? how fair is it from lamar,mo to branson,mo on to waterloo,ia? Are hotel open in Colorado? What is the Southern United States like? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites