316 West 4th Street, Vancouver, BC postal code? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Travel Canada Vancouver
·
9 years ago 316 West 4th Street, Vancouver, BC postal code? postal code for 316 4th Street Vancouver, Canada Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Needful Sinner Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer Oddly enough, the post office offers info on postal codes. http://www.canadapost.ca/cpotools/apps/fpc/persona... 0 7 0 Login to reply the answers Post Robin Lv
4 4 years ago 1. There is crime in every city so Vancouver is no different that any other big city. 2. Surrey has a reputation for having a high crime rate. But, there are nice areas in Surrey. Richmond will be flooded when the "big one" hits. 3. If you plan on buying real estate in Vancouver, good luck with that! It's impossible to afford anything as a first time buyer. On a more positive note, Vancouver is a beautiful city with the ocean and mountains at your doorstep. Yes, it may rain 9 months of the year but that is why it's so green. There are tons of outdoor activies in Vancouver. The nightlife isn't the most exciting if you're a young person. I do love Victoria though. The people are more laid-back and less-stressed than Vancouverites. The weather is milder in Victoria compared to Vancouver. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions If the Canadian border is closed, is Portland worth a visit from Seattle? 4 answers Will there be mass emigrations of Americans trying to escape their violent and unstable country? 6 answers BC license! 10 points!!!? 5 answers Toronto to vancouver by car without entering the U.S.? 6 answers Will I get taxed if I bring some cigar products from Canada back to USA through the border? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Will there be mass emigrations of Americans trying to escape their violent and unstable country? If the Canadian border is closed, is Portland worth a visit from Seattle? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites