Best place to live, Calgary or Edmonton? Why? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Frank Lv
4 Frank
asked in
Travel Canada Edmonton
·
1 decade ago Best place to live, Calgary or Edmonton? Why? And which has the lowest cost of living?
Considering move fom Winnipeg...any advice appreciated. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I have lived in both cities both have their befits and also huge downsides. If you have a family Edmonton is the better choice. If you are a party care free person Calgary is better suited. Calgary, great because its not far from the mountains. There is a nice community about 35 to 45 mins out called Bragg Creek, If your into 4x4ing & ATV"s that’s the hot spot to have some fun, Stampede that is alright is fun but the same every year. Easy to get around the city (lots of traffic thou) and find address. Only sad part about that is now they are using more and more names instead of staying with the number system. Also the river that flows is great you can take a rubber dingy and go from one end of it to the other in the summer, also the zoo is fantastic, and their transit is a great set up. E-train is the best. Downtown has a funny set up. A lot of great places around that city for camping (need to go west) Downside, is a white collar city, rents, mortgages, food and bills are higher so is insurance which is high already anywhere in Alberta. Also Calgary has attracted more of the drug scene and alternative life style people. Also to enjoy parks and so forth only one is worth it, have to leave the city to enjoy family stuff. Mountain views cost huge $$$$$$$. A lot of the areas are pretty dumpy looking, SE don’t move into that end of the city.
Edmonton, is the blue collar city....Housing here is a bit cheaper not by much, larger number of summer activities, Fringe Festival, Whyte Ave for night life, West Ed is one of the best places to shop and do stuff, and a good night life also, great deals also. Ft Edmonton park, , more parks with Bike trails leading around the entire city and walk paths, Museums, Space Science Center, On Whtye Ave also has a great flea market behind the Scona hotel.. Downside, Edmonton has attracted alot more of the drug scene not as bad as Calgary, crime rate is getting higher, party people find this city boring so if you that type go to Calgary, people in Edmonton work longer hours in the Oil Business, Doesn’t have a good transit set up. Don’t move to the north end period. Also Millwoods has its ups and downs As for Fishing, Camping and hunting Edmonton is better because Northern Alberta and Northern Sask has some of the best around. I now live in Northern Alberta more here to do then in the city believe it or not. I live off a lake so its a bit of cheat....lol I hope this helps.. and the best for the city you choose . 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 4 years ago Edmonton sucks so much! Nothing to do there, no entertainment, high prices. I just sit at home and do nothing because everything costs a fortune. The only things u can do is go to a movie, a park or wem. Nothing special. I've only been to calgary once and I loved it. A lot more opertunities! Lots of people in edmonton are a$$holes. But I guess every city has those..... Edmonton is all city, no fun. Hard to find fresh air, cause it's all polluted!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Blacky 1 decade ago It all depends on what your needs are.
Edmonton is cheaper and easier to find a place to live, whereas Calgary is pretty expensive and the vacancy rate is very low meaning it's harder to find available housing.
Between the two cities I think Calgary is a nicer city.
Edmonton is easier to get around in because it doesn't have as many one-way roads. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Senshockeyguy Lv
5 1 decade ago I've lived in both places, I prefer Calgary myself. You can see the mountains, nice and clean, The Zoo is great. But Traffic is bad, and transit ain't that great either. Edmonton is a little cheaper, and has West Edmonton Mall. Right now I live in Winnipeg and it's crime ridden,dirty, and not much too do. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago Any place in Alberta is going to be expensive AND difficult in finding a place to live.
I prefer the Calgary area to Edmonton. mb 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post fatsausage Lv
7 1 decade ago Calgary is 100% better living than Edmonton. It is the best way to go. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Will Harry's and Meghan's baby pass as white? 25 answers What is Edmonton nightlife like? Is it lit during the weekdays? 4 answers Is Russia more sensible than Canada politically? 6 answers What’s Rogers Place in Edmonton like? Is it a good place to watch a game? 3 answers Would sportchek hire 15 years old? 8 answers Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites