Is there a tent city for the homeless in Nova Scotia? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Travel Canada Halifax
·
7 years ago Is there a tent city for the homeless in Nova Scotia? I am currently down on my luck and in need of a place to stay. I was wondering if there are any tent cities located in Nova Scotia for the homeless? I'm in need of somewhere to stay long term, so a shelter won't work. Update : I'm aware that they are not meant to be a permanent solution, that is not what I intended by long term. I simply mean that I don't know how long I will be needing a safe place to stay before I can get back on my feet. I've been trying the best I can, but over the past year and a half I have been unable to get more then two job interviews despite applying to many jobs on a daily basis. If I could seek an alternative, I would. I wouldn't want to take opportunity from people in need if I weren't in need myself. Thank-you for your help Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Needful Sinner Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Neither a tent city nor shelter would accept anyone 'long term' - that's not what such things are for.
They are designed to get people back on their feet, not stay off of them. I'm unaware of any tent cities and my guess is they'd be illegal, this isn't The Great Depression when such things were allowed.
Rules and regs don't allow for camping anywhere but where permitted, eg paid campsites and national parks.. This is the best I've found, ideally someone may post something better: "The Community Homeless Shelter provides safe emergency shelter for men experiencing homelessness. A referral service for females requiring emergency shelter is also provided." http://www.cbcha.ca/shelter.html EDIT TO ADD " I simply mean that I don't know how long I will be needing a safe place to stay before I can get back on my feet" Understood, and do realize having been homeless before and down on my luck also I wasn't at all belittling or making light of the situation.
The fact remains you are in the same entirely uneviable position I was in. Can't afford rent so you're attempting the noble act of 'minimizing' as opposed to becoming a burden or debt on someone else's back, yet in the attempt there is virtually no-where you can go to accommodate this.
You're not allowed to camp on public property, you're not allowed to camp on private property, what shelters there are don't offer long-term, just day by day. If you don't have a residence you don't have an address and if you don't have an address good luck both in finding a job or getting social assistance. At every turn a catch-22 that screws you.
Been there. The only advice I can offer, is while you still have a residence - contact social services, whatever they call it in your Province and get what little help they'll offer before it's too late. If it is too late and you're without a residence they are the people who can point you in the right direction and find you somewhere. I entirely respect the fact you are trying so hard so if I gave an incorrect impression I openly offer my apology. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does anybody believe that Prince Harry's charities were his idea rather than something thought up by more intelligent Palace press people? 5 answers Has Meghan made Harry move out of his brothers? 6 answers Immediately upon the death of Queen Elizabeth II, who will then be referred to as “Her Majesty the Queen”? 13 answers Do any white people live in Nova Scotia? 5 answers Kate and Meghan feuding? Why can’t women of different generations get along? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Wow. Nova Scotia is very much like Wales and Merseyside, isn't it.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites