Is Rajasthan all it looks like to be? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Travel India Other - India
·
1 decade ago Is Rajasthan all it looks like to be? In the Cheetah Girls movie, it looked amazing. I might be going to India for the first time in 2 years, and I really want to go see all the good tourist attractions. Update : Thanks Hamza. Your cool and all but you have skin issues man. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Impregnable forts and palaces, picturesque lakes, shimmering deserts and exotic wild lives - Rajasthan offers you a heady mix. Tourist attractions in Rajasthan lie in its intriguing heritage, colorful villages and vibrant songs and dances.
Visit any city in Rajasthan; it will charm you with its wealth of attractions. Old palaces, which were once resided by the Kings and princes, have now been open to the tourist for accommodation. Simply the taste of royal hospitality would bowl you over. Some important cities in Rajasthan are: Jaipur: The capital city of Rajasthan is home to a host of tourist attractions in Rajasthan. Architectural marvels like Hawa Mahal, Amber Fort, the Observatory, Jal Mahal, Jaigarh Fort bears testimony to the technological advancements in a bygone age and grandiose lifestyles of Indian Maharajas. Udaipur: The landscaped city is often dubbed as the "Venice of the East". The City Palace Museum, Sahelion ki Bari, Jag mandir, the temples of Nathwada and Eklingji would remind you the glories of a romantic past. An evening boat cruise in the Lake Pichola, around which picturesque forts, palaces and havelis stand, would amount to a fairytale experience. You can also take an excursion to Rankapur, Kumbhalgarh and Chittorgarh. Jodhpur: On the edge of the Great Indian Desert, in this city, a chivalrous and sensuous past comes alive in the invincible Meharan Garh Fort, the sprawling Umaid Bhawan Palace, the graceful cenotaph of Jaswant Thada, the beautiful Madore Garden. Take an excursion to the nearby tribal Bishnoi village to visit the to exotic wild life & nature. Jaisalmer: in the heart of the desert, this is the city of famous Golden Fort. The yellow sandstone that the fort is made of, takes a shimmering golden hue with the beams of the setting sun. Visit the intricately carved havelis. A camel safari would take you right into the desert, which is one of the prime tourist attractions in Rajasthan. Ride through the sandy track and pitch your tent in the evening amid the rolling sand dunes. Camp fire, mashaals, folk dances and music - it is a tale from the Arabian Nights. Pushkar: Lying around the sacred Pushkar Lake, the idyllic township is the holy place. The place houses the only Brahma Temple in the world. During the Pushkar Festival in October-November, millions of people gather to take a dip in the holy lake. Close by, lie the holy place of Ajmer. Ranthambore:Sprawling over the rugged terrain of Aravali and Vindhyan ranges, this is one of the finest Tiger Reserves in India. Once the private hunting ground of the Maharaja of Jaipur, it is home to many other animals like: bear, wild boar, Leopard, Sambhar, Chital, Nilgai, Jungle cat etc. Apart from the above, several other tourist attractions in Rajasthan literally dot over the map of the state. Following are also worth a visit: Barmer, Bharatpur, Bikaner, Sariska, Kota, Mandawa, Mount Abu, Shekhawati. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I feel quite funny, when NRIs talk like this :-). They should consider India as their own country and not a tourist spot :(. When u r in India...u will not find it a big deal to find the best tourist locations...it cannot be provided by the non Indians for sure :-) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post manojku 1 decade ago yes Rajasthan has lot of tourist attractions to view like historical palace forts crafts music etc and also visit other parts for hill, beaches, temples etc for adventure fun trips.. Source(s):
http://dealsofseason.info 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post washington Lv
4 3 years ago 1 Source(s):
Great Deals Suppliers
http://WholesaleDirectories.latis.info/?N98n 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago http://rds.yahoo.com/**http%3a//www.sbbshoe.com/ wholesale cheap Jordan, china Nike factory Jordan wholesale, cheap Jordan spiz'ikes, air Jordan factory directn, Jordan mixed with air force one new style, cheap air force ones outlet, authentic Nike af1s,air force 1 xxv'07 anniversary edition premium, custom Nike SB dunks outlet, wholesale cheap dunks, Nike dunks premium SB wholesale, USA custom Nike sneakers for sale, Nike factory air max 87 style, max 90,max 91,max 95,max 97,max 180,max 360,max TN, max LTD, cheap Nike SHOX oz,nz,R3,R4,R5,TL2,TL3,TL4,TL5,discount Nike women sneakers, kids size shoes, Prada shoes, D&G, Gucci shoes, Chanel shoes wholesale, timberland boots, Australia UGG boots, Adidas 35th wholesale, Nike air max pippen, air zoom haute, men/women D&G shoes, Chanel shoes, converse shoes, BAPE star shoes, Nike football shoes for sale, wholesale here at: Nike Sneakers including custom Nike sneakers, Nike basketball sneakers, women Nike sneakers, rare Nike sneakers, you can get wholesale Nike sneaker's price with discount for cheap Nike shoes and cheap Nike sneakers. Jordan Sneakers including Jordan sneaker, we also wholesale Jordan sneakers, cheap air Jordan sneakers, retro Jordan sneakers, baby Nike Jordan sneakers for custom and customize and get your latest exclusive Jordan sneakers, Air Force 1s including spongebob air force 1s,men air force 1s, air force 1s lyrics, high top air force 1s,low air force 1s, rasheed wallace air force 1s, scarface air force 1s,mr catoon air force 1s,mid air force 1s,painted air force 1s,green air force 1s,all white air force 1s,kid air force 1s,2007 air force 1s,pink,white stash air force 1s...,Wholesale clothing: Gino Green Global, A&F, Christian Audigier, ED hardy, LRG, CLH, artful dodger, Gucci, The North Face, Prada, G-Star, Sean and john, Burberrys, Abercrombie & Fitch, Adidas, EVISU, Armani, Paul smith, Gucci, Chanel, D&G, Live Mechanics, Versace, Jersey, Sweater, hoodies, clothing, brand apparel, jacket, jeans, t-shirts, lacoste, D&G, BBC, BAPE, polo jacket, shirts, jeans, direst outlet ED hardy China, shirts, jeans, cheap artful dodger, cheap wholesale gucci,prada,coogl,10 deep, wholesale EVISU, rmd monkey, seven, diesel, rock republic, jacket, true religion, Parka, cheap LV handbag, Chanel, coach, Chloe, Dior handbag, sunglass, brand watches wholesale Nike shoes, Nike shoes air force 1s one, Nike shoes air force 1s xxv 25th,Nike shoes dunk, Nike shoes air Jordan, Nike shoes air Jordan, Nike shoes air dunks, Nike SHOX, Nike shocks, Nike SHOX T l, Nike SHOX NZ, Nike SHOX r4,Nike SHOX ride, Nike SHOX turbo, SHOX monster, Nike shoes air max, Nike shoes air max TN plus, Nike shoes air max 360,Nike air rift. Adidas shoes, puma shoes, Prada shoes, Gucci shoes, BAPE shoes, red monkey jeans, children shoes, BAPE hoodies BBC hoodies, EVISU hoodies, LRG hoodies, polo hoodies, ED hardy hoodies, timberland shoes, Gucci bags, Chloe bags, juicy bag, coach bag, FEDI bag, Chanel bag, red monkey jeans, BAPE jeans, EVISU jeans, BBC jeans, seven jeans, D&G jeans, Antik jeans, LRG jeans, Gucci jeans, akademikes jeans, LV bag, Nike shoes women shoes, Nike shoes men shoes, Nike shoes women ...Large cheap wholesale: Nike shoes, Air Jordan, Nike dunks, Air force one shoes, Nike Air max shoes ,Nike dunk shoes, Adidas shoes, Puma shoes, Prada shoes, Gucci shoes, BAPE shoes, Red monkey jeans, children shoes, BAPE hoodies, BBC hoodies, EVISU hoodies, LRG hoodies, polo hoodies, ED hardy hoodies, timberland shoes, Gucci bags, Chloe bags, juicy bag, coach bag, FEDI bag, Chanel bag, red monkey jeans, BAPE jeans, EVISU jeans, BBC jeans, seven jeans, D&G jeans, antik jeans, LRG jeans, Gucci jeans, Akademikes jeans, LV bag, Nike shoes women shoes, wholesale jeans, Nike shoes wholesale, Nike shoes dunks wholesale, Nike shoes dunk SB, wholesale Nike sneakers, wholesale Nike shoes Jordan sneakers, Nike shoes air max 90, 95, 97 ,180, 360, TN ,ltd, Nike SHOX NZ r3 r4 r5,Nike shoes air force 1s Nike shoes xxv year. cheap max, cheap SHOX, cheap Nike SHOX, cheap Nike air max, Cheap Jordan, Nike dunks, Nike sneakers, cheap Nikes, cheap Nike dunks, cheap Nike SHOX, cheap Nike shoes, cheap air Jordan, wholesale Jordan, Nike dunk shoes, cheap dunks, cheap Nike SB, cheap Nike sneakers, cheap Jordan, Jordan sneakers, air force 1s,Nike dunks, Nike sneakers, cheap Nikes, cheap Nike SHOX, wholesale Jordan, cheap air Jordan, Cheap Sneakers, cheap shoes, Nike dunk shoes, cheap air force 1,wholesale Nikes, cheap Nike, Nike dunk, cheap Nike sneakers, Cheap Jordan Sneakers, discount Nike SHOX, discount Nikes, sneakers for cheap, Nike dunks cheap, discount Nike sneakers, air force ones, cheap wholesale jacket. business to business. wholesale shoes b2b. http://rds.yahoo.com/**http%3a//www.sbbshoe.com/ 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago they are really cool people. ive heard of them, they are kinda like Sindhi people from Pakistan, (where im from, Sindh), but darker. if you ask me they look like dark skinned sikhs. same face, with only skin color as a difference http://farm1.static.flickr.com/32/39151540_cb31b24... here are some pics http://api.ning.com/files/u0x5dXD7b-sHkG20z0F5frf*... http://www.greavesindia.com/GTIndia/the_essence/ma... http://www.rajasthantours.etctours.net/gifs/rajast... 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Made in India.? 4 answers What is the view of the people about india?? ? 5 answers If Indians are supposed to be "Aryans", why do the ones in the USA always try to talk gangster and sound like African-Americans? 8 answers Travel tips to visit Himachal Pradesh? 4 answers My friend says there are many cows on Indian roads. Is this an insult or is this actually true ? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Which are the top toy manufacturers of India? Which Resorts are the best for Corporate Offsites In Jim Corbett ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites