What terminal is NAIA in Manila? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Travel Asia Pacific Philippines
·
7 years ago What terminal is NAIA in Manila? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance XYZ Lv
4 7 years ago Favorite Answer Terminal 1 is the main terminal and it is the International Terminal.. Terminal 2 is PAL Domestic Terminal Terminal 3 is Air Philippines, Cebu Pacific and PAL Express Then, there is a domestic terminal
for Zest Airlines and Southeast Asian Airlines 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post J@ps Lv
6 7 years ago The Original NAIA is Terminal 1. It used to called the MIA. Terminal 2 is at NAIA 2 otherwise known as the Centennial Terminal. Terminal 3 is at NAIA 3. The Old Domestic Airport is now known as Terminal 4. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post clncarplz Lv
7 7 years ago NAIA is the name of the airport. I think you want to know what terminal a flight is coming into but we cannot tell you that unless we know what airline he is using. So plz add details as to what airline he will be coming in on. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the FIRST thing that comes to mind when I say the word "Philippines"? 10 answers Is Philippines a U.S. territory? 7 answers is Philippines a second world country or a third world country? 4 answers How does one inherit eternal life? 7 answers Do people want their relatives to die so they can inherit money? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What does it cost to become a licensed hairdresser in Cebu, Philippines?  How long is the training? how does covid 19 affect gender roles among filipinos? cite examples? Are flights from the Philippines allowed entry to Bangladesh? what is the state abbreviation of Philippines and it's code? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites