Looking for a quick 2 day getaway someplace near Toronto? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Travel Canada Toronto
·
10 years ago Looking for a quick 2 day getaway someplace near Toronto? ok...........the wife is growing tired of me watching football and hockey on saturday's and sunday's........ Can anyone tell me of a nice, quiet, inexpensive, little getway near Toronto????? We have done the Niagara Falls trip so I am looking for something north of Toronto if you know of something............ Sunday-Monday trip would be perfect.......... Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance MissPriss Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer hockley valley? http://www.hockley.com/ Pretty River Inn http://www.prettyriverinn.com/ been to both, liked them very much! Anything in Fergus (north of guelph), Elora, its mennonite country up there - lots of farm markets and stuff.
St. Jacobs is very nice too. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions My package has been at customs clearance for 6 days - is this normal? 4 answers Why do Americans pride themselves on firearm violence? 6 answers Is it toronTOE or toroNO? 9 answers Canadians: There will NEVER be a vaccine, and you will all spend an ETERNITY in quarantine! Are you up for it? 5 answers I ordered some tea to ship from Scandinavia to Canada - how long will it take to get here? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions My package has been at customs clearance for 6 days - is this normal? The thing about this prize is that the concert is taking place in Toronto on Friday night at 9:00 pm.? Anybody else here require a paid caregiver? Is everybody in Toronto Drake? Describe what is being done to address the acidification of a lake? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites