What is the Qing Gu oil reserve field, and how is that linked to shale gas extraction? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Travel Asia Pacific China
·
6 years ago What is the Qing Gu oil reserve field, and how is that linked to shale gas extraction? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance coolwid Lv
6 6 years ago Favorite Answer SinoChem (a subsidiary of Sinopec) has developed a new way to extract shale gas in the Takelamagan desert in western China. The Qing Gu oil field is almost 56 times the size of the largest existing shale gas oil operation on planet earth... The significant impact is that China could become the largest crude oil producer on planet earth in the coming years...which could make the country as rich as Qatar... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions When will US rejoin China in solidarity and end anti-Chinese sentiment? ? 8 answers i just received some face mask from china are they safe to use? 6 answers Do people living in Hong Kong have full access to the internet? 5 answers We want to ship directly from China to the end user in Canada without them finding out who the manufacturer is in China. How? 4 answers How can I buy something from China? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are tea connoisseurs appalled by the idea of putting milk in it? Why can't I go to China and give them back the Covid 19? Do you know the stars in China? How do I import products from china to Australia? Is it safe to go backpacking in China? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites