Has anyone ever been to Montenegro? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products mirabilia490 mirabilia490
asked in
Travel Europe (Continental) Other - Europe
·
1 decade ago Has anyone ever been to Montenegro? I'd like to know if anyone has travelled there and what it is like. Any travel tips? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance AndreasD72 Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer It is extremely picturesque, with high wild mountains, small towns and some beautiful coast. Once you go there having a car, you can see it all, because it is very small. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I have family that owns a hotel and restaurant there! if you want more info, let me know! you might have to a favor for me to get info out of me! and thats a surprise! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does anyone really believe that the USA is not a 3rd world country compared to Finland, Sweden and Norway? 5 answers I’m travelling from the UK to Europe on the 8th of June by car. Do I need to bring any documents because of corona.? 6 answers What country is really the best in the world...Sweden, Finland, ect? 7 answers Time zone adjustment? 4 answers Are there any countries in Europe where European citizens are allowed to move? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is serbia now open for travel? I read where there is no entry requierments nor quarintine entering serbia is this true ? Going to Europe for the first time, and alone. Debating on if I go with Contiki or just myself? I’m travelling from the UK to Europe on the 8th of June by car. Do I need to bring any documents because of corona.? Does anyone really believe that the USA is not a 3rd world country compared to Finland, Sweden and Norway? Attending college in Europe as an American.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites