Are you evolving or devolving? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Social Science Psychology
·
5 years ago Are you evolving or devolving? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance torpex2002 Lv
7 5 years ago Favorite Answer Evolving means changing. Devolving means what, not changing? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
4 5 years ago Evolving 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 5 years ago Evolving. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kingdino123 5 years ago You can't Devolving that's not a thing in science 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Forty2 Lv
4 5 years ago You can't evolve in an individual lifetime. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 5 years ago all life is de-evolving 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is it so hard for me to stop being envious and fix my low self esteem?? Any advice ? ? 17 answers Being a single woman at 26 and seeing everyone my age married with kids makes me feel super lonely and sad? 52 answers If a really brilliant person commit suicide, does that mean there's actually no point in living? 16 answers Am I okay? ? 7 answers T/F. You no longer struggle on a daily basis with the temptation to give in to your immediate desires? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Lately been depressed over the times in my life when I was bullied and verbally abused...? Is this a nice or a cruel thing to say about someone? What does ‘mediocre’ mean here? Do you agree and understand when we are preparing to leave this life at seconds we do so with dignity and without fear no matter what? A little spider entered my room? Business Idea, now what? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites