How to stay committed to treatment for social anxiety? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Jen Jen
asked in
Social Science Psychology
·
7 years ago How to stay committed to treatment for social anxiety? What are some tips are staying on track because recently I've been doing a lot better but a week ago I just began thinking a lot again and feeling super down about how everyone around me is doing things with their lives and having relationships and I'm just here struggling to get by a day without being anxious. I keep trying to be myself and be calm but the more I think about it the more anxious I become. There is practically no difference in the way I talk to people that i've known for years and the people I just met - i'm so tired of this.... Everyday feels like the same struggle to 'be myself' .. any tips? List some things I could do to on an everyday basis to push myself out of my comfort zone? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Naguru Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer It is always easy to teach than to practice. Practice. Practice only make you perfect. Practice repeatedly until you become conversant or familiar with a comfort zone. Source(s):
own. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Krista Lv
4 4 years ago You're at an age where a lot of guys are pretty focused on girls, but there's nothing wrong with not having an interest in girls... if they give you a hard time about it, it might be worth trying to befriend other people. Does your school have any clubs or teams that interest you? If you find people that you have more in common with, you'll probably have a lot more to talk about that won't just make you feel left out or uncomfortable. It also sounds like you could really use someone to talk to (like a school counsellor) who can help you cope with your feelings, deal with bullying issues and sort out your thoughts so you can feel more at ease and more comfortable being yourself. I hope things start looking up for you, don't give up hope. Peace. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Recognizing the symptoms of anxiety is the first step to managing your anxiety and help your doctor determine if you may have some form of an anxiety disorder. Read here
https://tr.im/RTYvk
There are groups of people that are specifically more prone to issues with anxiety, such as women, individuals who experience traumatic events, individuals who experience extreme stress or mental health disorders, or individuals with a history of alcohol and drug abuse. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kevin 7 years ago think how it is a real medical problem and you can be proud of another day finished even if it isn't profoundly different than the day before. you can: smile at at least 5 strangers a day. talk to at least 1 new person a day. drive or walk a different route to work/school. just change up the routine a bit. also, set goals that you can accomplish short ones, middle ones, long term goals and see if you achieved your goal and if you did...hell yeah be proud! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Being a single woman at 26 and seeing everyone my age married with kids makes me feel super lonely and sad? 47 answers Why is it so hard for me to stop being envious and fix my low self esteem?? Any advice ? ? 11 answers If a really brilliant person commit suicide, does that mean there's actually no point in living? 13 answers Am I okay? ? 6 answers Am I too emotionally unstable for weed? or did I just have a bad first time? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How can i grow my children's confidence, as they have lost their confidence and will not speak to some family members ? is true that being a people pleaser is not really being nice, its just a sign of low confidence and seeking approval from others? Anyone else in the same boat? What do you think about only being able to communicate with delivery couriers from behind closed doors these days? What does 'main thing' mean here? Is this something you would say to someone you care about? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites