do you think that the human race is evolving or it is devolving ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products danielle s danielle s
asked in
Social Science Anthropology
·
10 years ago do you think that the human race is evolving or it is devolving ? Pure, beautiful earth where all was growing, bountiful and plenty to a dirty, polluted, dumpster looking earth.. Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance paul h Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer If the term evolve means to change and improve over time, then the answer would be devolve.....humanity is genetically degrading and some research indicates we may become extinct by the end of this century due to rapidly increasing genetic defects in humans. I read a recent article which claimed that cases of diabetes in the US are expected to triple by 2050. Other non-human creatures are also facing extinction in rising numbers.
Some people suggest that transhumanism ...replacing defective tissues or organs with nanomachines and improved computer technology, etc......or mandatory genetic screening for procreation will be necessary in the future for mankind to survive. It remains to be seen whether this can be accomplished in time and whether other creatures can be saved as well. A collapse of vital organisms on earth would be equally disastrous to human life. "McKusick: Mendelian Inheritance in Man, Reported Genetic Disorders 1966 to 1999. The number of medically reported genetic disorders in 1966 was 1,487. The number reported by 1999 was 11,099. A curve of best fit has an R2 of 0.995." "By 2031, it is estimated (R2 = 0.995) there will be 100,000 human genetic disorders and by 2096 1,000,000 (see Figure 3). “At least one clinical disorder has been related to 1,318 of the mapped loci (roughly 30%)” (McKusick, 1998, Vol. 1, xiii–xviii). That suggests genetic disorder saturation of each locus by 2031 and supersaturation by 2096.
These data confirm human devolution and suggest imminent permanent genetic extinction in this century." http://www.josephmastropaolo.com/PDF/evoletha.pdf "Recently a top geneticist used a computer to classify known mutations; his results were 186 beneficial mutations vs. 453,732 harmful mutations. That's a ratio of 1 to 2,439! There's no way any species could live long enough to evolve if every "good" change in a genotype or phenotype was followed by thousands of bad ones. See Sanford, J., Genetic Entropy and the Mystery of the Genome, Lima, NY, Elim Publishing, 2005, pg. 26" http://xenohistorian.faithweb.com/genesis/gen03.ht... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Roxanne Lv
4 4 years ago There is no question about it- we have devolved. Physically, the strongest among us today can't do the work that a whimp of a few hundred (much less a few thousand) years could do. We are soft, fat and lazy. Of all cultures throughout history, we are the sickliest. We rely on drugs and healthcare schemes to keep us alive, while our nutrition consists of garbage. 100 years ago, (which was not exaqctly a high point for health) 1 in 44 people might get cancer in their lifetime. Today, one in 2 people will get cancer...and the statistics are getting even worse- it is expected that by 2020 virtually everyone will be expec ted to get cancer at some time. Mentally, we are toast. Anyone familiar with ancient literature can see that the Ph.D. of today doesn't know what was common knowledge a few thousand years ago. Modern mans only claim to fame, is that he is proficient at manipulating technology....but he knows not what he is doing...and we are starting to reap the consequences (GMO crops, pollution, radiation, the can of worms that is being opened up by nanotechnology/cloning/stem cells/DNA manipulation. The political control that heavey industrialization has enabled; The mind control of the media, etc.) Morally...we live in a society where serious crimes are the norm. Just 40 years ago, a survey of teachers revealed that the biggest problems in their schools were: Chewing gum in class; talking out of turn, etc. Today the list reads: Rape, Assault, theft, pregnancy... They call this the information age, but apparently the information only concerns the latest ballgame score, or what Brittany Spears is doing- people don't have enough logic to even know when they are being told blatant lies by politicians...even when those lies are pointed out and published. God created man perfect in a perfect environment.....but through our actions, we have severly degenerated, and our environment has become a wasteland. Man fills the world with cities...and cities can not support life- they are dependent upon support from the rural areas. Man looks at the highways and tall buildings, and says "Isn't the mind and capability of man awesome!"- but he fasils to realize that what he admires can not support life...but rather turns a once life-supporting area into a dead zone, which is wholly dependent upon those semi-unspoiled areas that still bear some resemblence to what God created, for their life and water and food. Mankind today is at an all-time low. Never before in history have we had the capability of destroying all life from off of this planet...but as of late we have that capability....that's what man has a cheived: That which can wreak death upon the whole world. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago We are neither evolving or devolving.
You would need a high powered microscope and DNA samples from 10 random people of every "race" and generation for 25,000 years to make that either assumption.
I assume you don't know genetics and are basing your question off of "stuff" you've read or "things" you've heard. I believe that the human personality 'at large' is devolving.
People are becoming brainwashed morons with less morality with each passing generation.
Overpopulation is a HUGE problem.
Yes, idiots tend to have more children.
However, the reason there offspring becomes a "stupid" burden on this planet is because they are raised with a single mom (who got herself into that "stupid" situation in the first place 80% of the time) or that stupid man who can not raise his child(s) right.
The other scenario is that the children are sent off to orphanages or foster care. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago Evolution is not necessairly positive evolution but it increases as the population increases. I suspect you are asking if our evolution is negative or positive evolution and only time will tell. More people equals more mutations coming down the pike but mutations are not necessairly positive unless a survival need for that mutation arises.
In some cases people wait longer before reproducing & therefore produce fewer children while investing more resources toward evelating their chances for success while others start producing children at an early age (thus producing more children) but put less effort toward preparing them for future success.
One might make a case for positive evolution by checking the onset of puberty among different social models as children of northern Europeans mature more slowly than children of those born to groups with a more southern ancestry.
It is possible we are evolving several sub species of humanity, but time will tell.
Until humans experience a "bottle neck" crisis we won't know. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in blueshark Lv
6 10 years ago Well, I don't think devolving exists per say... because you cannot evolve in reverse.
Evolution is always moving forward, for better or worse.
To answer your question, I think the human race is evolving, but it is picking up some less than ideal traits. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Heart of man Lv
6 10 years ago As a word, to devolve, you would have to go backwards in time.
The earth takes care of itself, if we hurt the earth, it will kill as many needed to solve the problem. Medical science will help with some improvements. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ~N~ Lv
5 10 years ago Its evolving in technology but devolving in all the rest...I mean all the factories,cares! it just ruins everything!! 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago There is no such thing as "devolving" - evolution means to change, and yes we are gradually changing. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago We are devolving.
If you have ever seen the movie "Idiocracy"....that is where we are headed. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Answer Monster Lv
6 10 years ago Both. you may term it evolution or a devolution. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Did black, or white people evolve first? 8 answers Anthropology question: Is Lucy considered 'human evolution'? 5 answers Why are white people losing their majority status? 5 answers Do mermaids have body hair ? 5 answers why do white people have such a low birth rate globally? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Studying "anthropology" is any profit for career? Being born a man is a curse because life is so much harder? Why do people idolize gods, other people, objects, etc? Europeans went to Africa, there is a record of what we found, so why do history revisionists to try to claim that Africa was something other? which of those do obesity is related to? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites