What defines courage? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Canihelpu Canihelpu
asked in
Social Science Sociology
·
1 decade ago What defines courage? Update : Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. -Winston Churchill- Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance SHIVA Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Mark Twain has said, Courage is not the absence of fear. It is acting in spite of it....Courage is not something that comes from flying to your heart in moments of need or in emergencies.
Courage is not something that can be handed over to you through lessons either....Courage is a way of life. It is as much a habit as anything else... Like getting up and brushing your teeth in the morning, or drinking coffee. Source(s):
bn 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post missdee Lv
5 1 decade ago a dictionary will define the meaning of the word 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post marco_warick 1 decade ago something extraordinary achieved by overwhelming fear 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Scatman Lv
5 1 decade ago Facing your fear 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How different is the culture down South from up North? Would it be a complete culture shock if I moved from Delaware to Florida? 4 answers What’s the oppressed race in the world besides black people? 4 answers What is the difference in being 70 years old compared to being 60 years old? 11 answers Is there something fundamentally wrong with the american way of life? 5 answers Should I tell him when to call? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions is intelligence a personality trait? what would you do if people at where you live are...? Are people cowards when it comes to standing apart and challenge groupthink assumptions at the peril of the mob turning on you? Why would someone want to put arsenic in someone's drink and kill them? Are the stars at night really big and bright deep in the heart of Texas ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites