Help! i have a psychology assignment on inverted goggles and how it affects vision.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Social Science Psychology
·
1 decade ago Help! i have a psychology assignment on inverted goggles and how it affects vision.? It would be very helpful if someone could explain how they work,, what process is involved and why the effect occurs.. Update : its for a class that involves perception and cognition. So i would have to explain how these goggles affect perception.. why the upside down vision occurs and how our vision seems to return to normal after a short adaptation period and by what processes Update 2 : also could you help me explain why and how we adapt quickly and resume to performing normal activities? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Teach 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Inverted goggles turn everything upside down and backwards.
So... what you currently know as up would become down and what you currently know as left would be right, and so on and so forth.
I'm not sure what your assignment is on, but past psychological studies have looked to see if we can adapt our perception so that we can function normally while wearing these goggles and it was shown that it really doesn't take long to get used to it.
One psychologist that studied this was able to adapt enough that he could even drive a car while wearing the goggles!
It also didn't take long to adapt to being back to normal after taking them off.
What this shows is that we are relatively resilient when it comes to adapting our senses.
Hope this helps! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago New information about this guestion you can find by keyword: Long-term adaptation to prism-induced inversion of the retinal images Inverting the visual field upside down spectacles Invertoscope Famous book about this "Living in a world transformed" by Hubert Dolizal
This book answer me
how does this phenomena work and practical benefits 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Timawa Lv
6 1 decade ago are you sure you asked this in the right category?
please give details so that i can elaborate the idea..^_^ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is it so hard for me to stop being envious and fix my low self esteem?? Any advice ? ? 17 answers Being a single woman at 26 and seeing everyone my age married with kids makes me feel super lonely and sad? 52 answers If a really brilliant person commit suicide, does that mean there's actually no point in living? 16 answers Am I okay? ? 7 answers T/F. You no longer struggle on a daily basis with the temptation to give in to your immediate desires? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do you agree and understand when we are preparing to leave this life at seconds we do so with dignity and without fear no matter what? Do you agree and understand when we are preparing to leave this life at seconds we do so with dignity and without fear no matter what? Is this a nice or a cruel thing to say about someone? What does ‘mediocre’ mean here? How can I stick to this big goal of mine no matter what? Business Idea, now what? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites