Be honest: are there some crimes that an accusation alone would be enough to convince you to distrust someone? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Praetorian Praetorian
asked in
Social Science Gender & Women's Studies
·
7 years ago Be honest: are there some crimes that an accusation alone would be enough to convince you to distrust someone? If a man you know is accused of rape, or child molestation, would that accusation be enough for you to dismiss him from your life completely because you'd feel you could never trust him?
Would it work the same way for you if it was a woman accused of rape or child molestation? BQ: Should the propensity of those kinds of charges potentially destroying the life of an individual who may well be completely innocent of them obligate the criminal justice system to preserve the anonymity of the accused?
Why or why not? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Jack Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer "Be honest: are there some crimes that an accusation alone would be enough to convince you to distrust someone?" If you're connected to an accuser who is accusing someone else of a crime like rape or child molestation, I think it's only natural for you to distrust the accused.
Having said that...I think it's also only natural for people, hearing the accusations against an individual, will always have questions in the back of their mind...and those questions will always lead to doubts that will sew the seeds of distrust. In other words...if you were accused of rape, it's impossible for me not to be concerned about those I love being around you...because at the end of the day we all, to some degree, believe "better safe than sorry." "BQ: Should the propensity of those kinds of charges potentially destroying the life of an individual who may well be completely innocent of them obligate the criminal justice system to preserve the anonymity of the accused?" Absolutely because the second you put someone on TV or in the public eye, attached to the term "rapist" or "child molester," you've already begun the process of tainting a potential jury pool. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post I love Mr Darcy! Lv
6 7 years ago I couldnt judge someone without knowing the full facts. I certainly would be a bit wary if they were accused of child abuse and my children were around them but then I would not put them in that situation.
It would make no difference if it were male or female.
If an accusation is definately false, the accuser should not be kept anonymous. This can only happen though if the accuser admits the false claim.
They should have to answer to their claims. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post WWGSD Lv
6 7 years ago No.
There are some (two in the entire world) potential accusers whose accusations would be enough to convince me, personally, of the accused's guilt.
But that should never be sufficient evidence in a court of law. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mylie 7 years ago Actually in history it has shown that some men were convicted of rape by just word of mouth which is completely stupid. There has to be testimony and witnesses to make it fair. In today's day women would be looked at differently than men if they were accused of abuse or rape. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why should women give birth to boys? 31 answers How come many problems in this world originated from men? 14 answers Why are females far less likely to commit violent crimes against strangers than males? Why are thugs with jugs so uncommon? 20 answers Why are men less likely to wear masks compared to women? 9 answers Why are women who speak up called "Karen"? Is this a kind of politically acceptable misogyny? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do you think i can pass as a girl im trans? Does the word C'u'n't have a meaning? Are Scandinavian men least sexist, more progressive and sensitive than the rest of the world?  Sex doll brothel announces on TV they don't allow rape  fantasies? why does everything beggars say a reflection of their mother's upbringing? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites