When participating in this forum (GWS) what is your "agenda"?
Do you think you have one, or no? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products teeleecee Lv
6 teeleecee
asked in
Social Science Gender & Women's Studies
·
1 decade ago When participating in this forum (GWS) what is your "agenda"?
Do you think you have one, or no? Update : Well Rio...for what it's worth, I know you get a hard time, but I have tremendous respect for your intelligence. LOL@Kendrick Answer Save 18 Answers Relevance egn18s Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Agenda 1.) It gives me something to do. I am a natural night owl but I feel too tired at this time of night to do anything "serious" so instead I just ask and answer questions- which is a lot of fun and is very mentally stimulating. Agenda 2.) This agenda is specific to GWS- As a man, I am naturally very interested in women and I really like to try to figure things out about how they think and what their point of view is like on certain topics. I'm always very interested in points of view and so I ask a lot of questions that are highly based on my (male) point of view so that I can see how women think about what I'm asking/saying. Unfortunately, a lot of the answers that come in are too quick to be aggressive towards me, as if I'm trying to bash someone or as if I'm being ignorant, when really I'm simply basing things on my honest view point and I seriously want to know what women think. Like, I'm trying to see if my view is accurate. Or I'm curious to know if women ever thought about things from the way I see them. And if they don't see things that way, then I wanna know how they DO see them and what they think of the way I see it. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Interesting question. I happened across this forum in June 2007. I was interested to participate in the question and answer syndrome to experience the thoughts and ideas that posters had on here. I suddenly became aware that there existed 3 types of posters namely; 1) Genuine ones. 2) College students who were surfing. 3) Trolls. Trolls are the interesting breed. There exist few, but as quite rightly been stated on here, they have multiple accounts, hence it makes it look as if there are more of them than there actually are. Human nature is complex in the extreme. We should all feel sorrow for these nameless ones. They have no life but the virtual one existing on this site. They spend hundreds of hours alone. They are not sociable and probably could not hold an intelligent conversation. The majority of them would not have the courage to speak to any of the regular female and male posters face to face. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Fortis cadere cedere non potest Lv
5 1 decade ago My agenda is to read and learn as much as possible. I spend most of my time, when I am on here, reading the answers of others. I spend about 10% of my time answering questions when I am on here and I do so in order to get others to perhaps see things from a different perspective. I also point out things that don't make sense to me whenever I get the chance. 0 7 0 Login to reply the answers Post Zizi 1 decade ago Other than to try to give real sincere answers to questions, I try to bring awareness to other causes that feminist are fighting for all over the world.
It seems like the one issue that keeps propping up in the GWS sections is pay equality.
Well there is a lot more going on in the world that we(feminist) still are fighting for.
Such as women's civil liberties in third world countries.
Atrocities inflicted on women in the name of sex and religion, ranging from but not limited to, female genital mutilation, acid attacks, human trafficking, sexual slavery, kidnappings, honor killings, infanticide, the list can go on for days. For those who have seen my posts in the past, sorry for being redundant, but I will post these sites and more that I find for as long as I can.
Here are some sites that may be helpful.
I guess this is my agenda :D http://www.vday.org/congo_splash.html http://www.equalitynow.org/english/index... http://www.now.org/ http://www.madre.org/ 0 3 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in saberchick 1 decade ago The only agenda I have is to share my opinions, whether good, bad or indifference, read and learn the perspectives of others.
Agree to disagree and leave the site with no hard feelings. As far as "hidden" agendas?
I have none.
There is nothing for me to hide besides my goodies. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post tornwax 1 decade ago No agenda; it's important for me to be aware of why people make the choices that they do regarding current social, cultural and political issues.
I also share my viewpoint, for what it's worth. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post nobody Lv
5 1 decade ago My agenda is to answer questions to the best of my ability and give others another a different perspective of things. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post G Lv
6 1 decade ago My agenda is threefold: -To teach (I wouldn't be here if I didn't have valuable things to say) -To learn (while I feel strongly about my opinions, I have definitely learned some things from those with opposing viewpoints and have had my eyes opened to things I wasn't aware of)
-To avoid homework (I play on the internet all the time when I should be working) :) 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post It's Ms. Fusion if you're Nasty! Lv
7 1 decade ago My "agenda" (this word sounds a bit too formal to me, but o.k.) would be to share what I know, learn from others, and because I'm a psych major/counseling I like to get psychological perspectives and work on ways to improve my counseling skills.
(Which are by NO means near "perfected."
LOL! )
I like to take what I've learned from here and think about what I've experienced myself, and combine it with what I've learned at school and TRY to make rational sense of it all (if I can!)...no easy task, for sure.
And, from time to time (and I hope this offends no one here), I like to ask questions that are really more like psychological/sociological experiments (though limited in scope and validity)....I find the behavior of human beings a completely fascinating subject. 0 6 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago My agenda is to show off my erudition, political experience and writing skill--while being supportive of women. Well...that and to flirt with the cute feminist chix. Unliberated women are just so bland and needy. 0 5 1 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (8) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why should women give birth to boys? 31 answers How come many problems in this world originated from men? 15 answers Why are females far less likely to commit violent crimes against strangers than males? Why are thugs with jugs so uncommon? 20 answers Why are men less likely to wear masks compared to women? 9 answers Why are women who speak up called "Karen"? Is this a kind of politically acceptable misogyny? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why don't incels go for Asian women? Do you think i can pass as a girl im trans?  Sex doll brothel announces on TV they don't allow rape  fantasies? Why is a guy sIut or weight shaming a girl different to a girl height shaming a guy ? Does the word C'u'n't have a meaning? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites