Why do some men claim women make false harassment claims and false rape accusations when they don't know? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? Lv
7 ?
asked in
Social Science Gender & Women's Studies
·
7 years ago Why do some men claim women make false harassment claims and false rape accusations when they don't know? What is the motivation for this?
These guys have no way of knowing yet still call women they don't know liars. Update : @ Jerry
- You didn't answer the question - why do you claim to know when you don't? Update 2 : @facade yes - "sometimes not even they know what happened" is true when she is given a date rape drug Answer Save 11 Answers Relevance .Jerry. Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Why Would A Woman Lie About Rape?
This question is frequently asked by people who want to inflate rape statistics. Here are some of the answers:
1. Revenge and rage. A woman feels "used" by a man after having had sex with him, or a boyfriend dumps her. Sometimes this is the result of game playing activity that gets out of control.
2. Alibi. She comes from a puritanical background and other people found out she had sex so she claimed "rape" to disclaim responsibility. Or she can claim she was innocent when engaging in adultery. Or she may have gotten pregnant and wants to justify an abortion in an anti-choice community. The recent (and alleged as of May 2005) "Runaway Bride" case is an example of a woman falsely reporting a crime (in this case, kidnapping) as a cover for other activities.
3. Money. Charging celebrities with rape or other crimes can lead to out of court settlements in which the accuser receives considerable sums of money.
4. Attention-seeking and self-delusion. This is common in people with Borderline Personality Disorder and closely related to hypochondriasis and/or Munchausen's syndrome.
5. Divorce or child custody fight. Accusing a husband (or other partner) of rape or domestic violence serves as additional ammunition in dissolving a marriage or gaining custody of children.
6.Pseudo-science. "Recovered Memory Therapy" and other fads encourage mass hysteria in which false accusations are routine.
7. Racism. During the segregation era, white women would frequently victimize black men by claiming they were the subjects of their sexual advances. The Scottsboro Boys is one famous case in which women, in conjunction with racists, used false charges of rape to attempt to legally lynch nine men.
8. Force competition among men. By claiming to be victims, women get men to compete and fight among each other. Patriarchical men, who gain their power by victimizing other men, use the excuse of "protecting women from rape" to attack other men. In other words, women who claim to be victims and rely upon the power structure to "protect" them are falling for the oldest sexist game in the book. The Emmett Till case is a notorious example of this sort of behavior.
9.Corrupt criminal justice system. Prosecutors frequently make reputations for being "tough on crime" by persecuting men and women on trumped up charges of rape and sexual assault. See the William Hetherington case.
10. Mass hysteria. The combination of sexual repression, paranoia, mob psychology and media sensationalism frequently leads to mass delusions in which the innocent are accused of the most outlandish sexual offenses. The McMartin Preschool case is a typical, disgusting example of how innocent people are falsely accused of sex crimes. There's a long history of this sort of thing, from the Salem witch hunts through the lynching of African-Americans. Today's mass hysteria over sex crimes may be just the latest manifestation.
11. "Raising consciousness". Feminists sometimes make up stories about rape in order to "alert" others about the threat of sexual assault. A recent case in which a feminist was charged with making a false report of rape.
One study shows 41 percent of total disposed rape cases were officially declared false during a nine year period, that is, by the complainant’s admission that no rape had occurred and the charge, therefore, was false. The incidence figure was variable from year to year and ranged from a low of 27 percent to a high of 70 percent.
Claims about rape and sexual assault are frequently exaggerated, such as the claim that one out of four college age women will be the victim of a rape/attempted rape. But the reality is quite different. For example, California State University Northridge reports the following number of sex offenses for 2003, on all campus properties:
Rape: 4
Sexual Battery: 12
Statutory Rape: 1
17 cases out of a campus population of several tens of thousands indicates the extremely low incidence of sex offenses on a university setting. Note there is no indication of how many of the alleged victims are men, or perpetrators women. The obvious point is that both men and women commit crimes, and lie about being the victims of crime. Justice is never served by mindless crusades.
. Source(s):
http://home.earthlink.net/~jamiranda/whyLie.htm 0 11 3 Login to reply the answers Post Curious 7 years ago False or "hoax" harassment or rape accusations where a person is found to have lied are extremely rare. The main reason these claims fail when they go to court is not being able to prove that it happened, which is not unusual because we don't go around filming or recording our daily lives and many rape victims may have been reluctant to report the crime at a time when forensic evidence could have been recovered. The reason I think men claim that the accusations are false is because it's easier for them to empathise with the male accused than the female accuser. They may have engaged in similar behaviour or they may think that the same thing could happen to them one day, so they give support to the argument that women make false claims in order to build solidarity and discredit those women. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago There's a situation in oz at the moment with taxi drivers preying on drunk women getting into taxis late at night from bars and clubs.
They get touched up and raped.
Some women are too intoxicated to remember the details and the taxi drivers are turning off video evidence inside the taxi.
The point it that these women are generally unable to report rapes because of their level of intoxication and not sure of the details.
Only 25 drivers have been charged over 3 years.
The rest get off because the women can't or don't report it.
How many other situations in life are there where women have never reported sexual crimes?
Due to shame, intoxication, fear, his word against hers, lack of evidence, sexist judges, etc.
Why would women put themselves through a harsh unforgiving legal system with a false rape report?
That's assuming the case ever gets to court because rapists seem to sweet-talk their way out of legal proceedings.
Rapists are in fact the liars and cheats. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Rape is very difficult to prove, and I think that could explain why many people would prefer to believe that women are making false claims. Men do not want to believe that their peers, their fellow men, could possibly harm a woman in such a cruel way; it's just easier to believe that someone, your best mate even, has been falsely accused of rape, even if you don't truly know. This behavior is part of a thing called 'rape culture', a culture where much of the blame for rape falls upon the victim. Unfortunately, this continues in situations like the one you have described, where when the woman isn't being blamed, she's being accused of lying about the entire ordeal. While it is horrible to believe that someone around you could be a rapist, it is important to acknowledge this possibility in order to fight rape culture, and the blaming that comes with it. 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in ʄaçade Lv
7 7 years ago Well, Coffee, when the police report or news article states that she (or he) admits later that it was a hoax, then we think it was a hoax.
When the police find out that a bank machine camera proves he (or she) was not at the rape location at the time of the crime, then we know it was a hoax.
When everyone can see the video right on the Internet, when she (or he) refuses to leave the room when ordered by the renter and still stands there blocking the exit crying "rape!", then we know it was a hoax. But if it is just speculation, then no one really knows except the parties involved and sometimes not even they know what happened. When the doctors find that she (or he) was raped, got a broken jaw, burns and abrasions, then we suspect it was really, really, really a brutal and savage rape. Rape is too horrible for anyone to be making up hoaxes about it.
Added:
Yes.
If he or she has been drugged or threatened, that counts as force/fraud/coercion. (Thumbs down please, if you think rape is 'amusing'.) 0 10 1 Login to reply the answers Post InvisibleMan Lv
7 7 years ago Some men and women know that women make false claims by personally witnessing it, reading police reports, watching/reading the news, and from research done on the subject.
So really, we DO know.
Why do some feminists say "women don't lie about rape!" when that itself is a brazen lie? 0 5 2 Login to reply the answers Post ♫Grappler's Crossing ♂ ♪ Lv
7 7 years ago Why do some women make astonishing claims of massive unreported rape and harassment etc when they don't know and have no way of knowing? 'harassment' has been abused for ages now by women to get their way in the workplace.
I've seen it and been subjected to it, and all it is, in most cases, is just a sneaky way of getting some white knight onside and putting down a fellow worker for their own advancement by giving him a bad name. The rate of false raps varies a lot, but the fact that it is there at all, and nothing is done about it, is sufficient cause for rejection of all claims.
there is a basic rule in courts that where a person is caught out squarely in one lie, their entire evidence is tainted.
Ergo - when 'feminists' come up with claims of massive underlying rape and violence against women without a single fact to support it, they lose all credibility and right to be considered credible. Same when you have 10% of rape claims demonstrably false, and also when the definition of 'rape' is so abused as to be meaningless s happened with 'domestic violence' until it encompassed anything a woman wanted and couldn't get in a relationship0, thus making a far greater percentage of claims of rape false at first hand. 0 7 6 Login to reply the answers Post Beer Lv
7 7 years ago You show me ONE person who believes every man who says he's been falsely accused, which is pretty much every person accused, ON HIS WORD ALONE, the way YOU and MANY of your pals believe every woman who says she's been raped ON HER WORD ALONE, and label her a victim and label the person she accused - a rapist, not to mention that you also count every instance a woman in a victimization study SAID she has been raped as an objective rape case and extrapolate those numbers to the general population as a supposed objective number of rapes; you do that, and I might actually take you seriously. Can it get any more pathetically ironic that the person who labels people rapists and determines the number of rapes/rapists based on a woman's word alone, accuses people of applying a low-barrier burden of proof needed for something to be counted as a false rape accusation. If these people are "rapists", "liars" and "rape apologists", what are you and your kind?! 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago because some men are rapists and rape apologists and some men lie about being rapists in fact most rapists lie about the rapes they have committed rapists LIE and are LIARS 0 4 5 Login to reply the answers Post Lhotse Lv
7 7 years ago A lot of men wouldn't know sexual harassment or rape if they tripped over it. I've seen time and again, men who think that telling a woman they don't know she has great breasts is a compliment.
It is not.
It is unwanted sexual attention which constitutes sexual harassment. I've seen time and again, men who think that if a woman didn't say no then it can't be rape.
They are wrong. 1 6 7 cccp920292002 7 years ago Report Then maybe i should settle out of court for women 'harassing" me by telling me that i have a "nice chest and arms" or a "nice body"(this happens to me all the time). This is unwanted sexual attention WHICH IS HARASSMENT !
I am RAPED daily! Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (1) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why should women give birth to boys? 31 answers How come many problems in this world originated from men? 14 answers Why are females far less likely to commit violent crimes against strangers than males? Why are thugs with jugs so uncommon? 20 answers Why are men less likely to wear masks compared to women? 9 answers Why are women who speak up called "Karen"? Is this a kind of politically acceptable misogyny? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions should there be mgtow- based gender studies classes in colleges...? Are Scandinavian men least sexist, more progressive and sensitive than the rest of the world? Why are men less likely to wear masks compared to women? why does everything beggars say a reflection of their mother's upbringing? How would you behave with a guy who clearly loves you but never says it and tries to hide his feelings? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites