4Chan as a Social Experiment: Does Anonymity Create or Destroy Culture? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Social Science Sociology
·
9 years ago 4Chan as a Social Experiment: Does Anonymity Create or Destroy Culture? Simply surfing /b/ will give you an idea at the insane nonsense that goes on on the internet.
I would argue the allure of websites such as 4Chan.org is the anonymity that it allows.
Anonymity promotes conformity and close-mindedness. How does anonymity on the internet pose a challenge to our current culture? Does it destroy culture, change culture, or create new cultures? Can anonymity be used for good? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer A healthy human society depends on a certain level of trust, openness, and accountability. Anonymity and depersonalization cripple all of these things. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago On the contrary, internet/avatar/anonymity promotes not conformity or close-mindedness, but rather open-mindedness and difference. For anonymity to be conformity, it requires a set social norm, in this case, the internet has none. Because anyone can say anything without the slightest consequence (since they can simply create a new persona), whatever happens on 4chan is the reflection of the mentality of the people. However, because only a certain group of people go to 4chan, then it is still a biased opinion to base society or culture off of this experiment.
From my own point of view, I see it as a revolution towards culture, where you can have people from different backgrounds all coming together to share their individual thoughts. Therefore, it sounds good in theory, but from what happens on 4chan, it suggests otherwise. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post raye Lv
5 9 years ago I think it destroys culture, but it has also created a sub-culture of online interaction with those you have never personally met, let alone seen, it also creates culture because it allows you to see the opinions of others and their hobbies.
It destroys culture because it allows people to post offensive nasty comments, and pick fights with one another.
It may sound silly but you would be suprised by the amount of people who take anonymous online interaction seriously. Anonymity can be used for good in real life, but it rarely does any good on the internet. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Golden Brown Lv
7 9 years ago I go to 4chan for the crowd mentality. That and when you post as a tripfag you notice how the crowd mentality gets turned against you remarkably fast - it's a real case of natural selection at work. People seem to automatically try to kill that which is different... edit; then again, i'm not the kind of person who values conformity, so meh. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 9 years ago I think it creates a new culture to humanity. It's a deep world out there and it's spreding fast that you could never imagine. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post annoymoose 9 years ago You mad bro, cuz you didnt use proxy? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How different is the culture down South from up North? Would it be a complete culture shock if I moved from Delaware to Florida? 4 answers What’s the oppressed race in the world besides black people? 4 answers What is the difference in being 70 years old compared to being 60 years old? 11 answers Is there something fundamentally wrong with the american way of life? 5 answers Should I tell him when to call? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are the stars at night really big and bright deep in the heart of Texas ? Why don't I feel like I fit in? How different is the culture down South from up North? Would it be a complete culture shock if I moved from Delaware to Florida? Are people cowards when it comes to standing apart and challenge groupthink assumptions at the peril of the mob turning on you? Can genocide be justified to make the world a better place?  Nuke Iran, both Koreas and Syria? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites