Define Courage and how it works? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Jon Jon
asked in
Social Science Psychology
·
1 decade ago Define Courage and how it works? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Courage is not fearlessness or lack of regard for your own well-being. It takes no courage to do something you don't fear. I'll bet you spent pretty-much your whole day not being afraid of doing the things you did, right? Would you say that your day was therefore filled with exemplary valor on your part? Me neither. Courage is recognizing what you have to do and doing it despite your fear. If you weren't afraid, it wasn't courageous. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Courage is the ability to face danger without regards to your own well-being.
Like today, I almost listened to an entire Britney Spears' song on the radio before turning it off.
I knew it could possibly endanger my hearing but I cowboyed up and almost listened to it in its entirety. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post seeker_kat Lv
4 1 decade ago courage to me is believing and doing against the odds. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post krollohare2 Lv
7 1 decade ago The ability to ignore fear, and engage the unknown -- no matter the risk. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Being a single woman at 26 and seeing everyone my age married with kids makes me feel super lonely and sad? 47 answers Why is it so hard for me to stop being envious and fix my low self esteem?? Any advice ? ? 11 answers If a really brilliant person commit suicide, does that mean there's actually no point in living? 13 answers Am I okay? ? 6 answers Am I too emotionally unstable for weed? or did I just have a bad first time? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions is true that being a people pleaser is not really being nice, its just a sign of low confidence and seeking approval from others? What do you think about only being able to communicate with delivery couriers from behind closed doors these days? What does 'main thing' mean here? Is this something you would say to someone you care about? Is this a good business name? Anyone else in the same boat? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites