Antidepressants or psychotherapy? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Sadie Sadie
asked in
Social Science Psychology
·
10 years ago Antidepressants or psychotherapy? I was just wondering which is better to use in order to treat major depression. Or is it better to use them together? What are the advantages and disadvantages of both of them? thank you soo much:) Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance steve 10 years ago Favorite Answer Both together is the best, i have major depression and i take prozac and i have a psychiatrist, if i didn't have one or the other i would be really sad a lot of the times ha you should find a good psychiatrist and have him/her prescribe the medication to you based on what he/she decides what is best for you, and when or if you start this they will give you the medication in which they think will work the best, i started with zoloft and it made me loose my appetite but don't think that will happen to you, just let them know how your body reacts to the medication and based on what you tell them they will decide if it is best to switch you to something else. I hope i helped!! :) don't be sad or down about anything, things will get better shortly I PROMISE! :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago Studies show that antidepressants and psychotherapy are about equally effective, but that's a statistical statement based on large numbers of cases.
The big question that each depressive person must find an answer to is, "Which is right for me?"
In my own case, psychotherapy is not helpful, and I'm totally dependent upon medications.
But others may be so helped by psychotherapy that they don't need antidepressants.
Still other people may need both. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
6 10 years ago Sometimes both, although not all therapists, psychologists and psychiatrists utilize the principles of nor ascribe to the tenets and philosophy of "psychotherapy". Therapy can be very effective and is oft used in conjunction with medication. That is the case with me. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Frances Lv
4 4 years ago It all depends on what the doctor or therapist thinks is best. A lot of times people with severe clinical depression will have a combination of treatments, including medication, behavioral and/or cognitive therapy. But even with mild or moderate depression people can have this combination of treatments too. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Being a single woman at 26 and seeing everyone my age married with kids makes me feel super lonely and sad? 47 answers Why is it so hard for me to stop being envious and fix my low self esteem?? Any advice ? ? 11 answers If a really brilliant person commit suicide, does that mean there's actually no point in living? 13 answers Am I okay? ? 6 answers Am I too emotionally unstable for weed? or did I just have a bad first time? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is this a good business name? What do you think about only being able to communicate with delivery couriers from behind closed doors these days? What does 'main thing' mean here? Is this something you would say to someone you care about? A 50yr old women said that she's afraid I'm too young??(Im 26) What should I say?? Please HELP!!? How are you fighting the sense of isolation during the pandemic? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites