What percentage of rape accusations are false? Please state your gender too.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Social Science Gender & Women's Studies
·
5 years ago What percentage of rape accusations are false? Please state your gender too.? Update : Personal anecdotes don't prove anything. Just saying. I welcome all statistics. Update 2 : I liked Jack's answer, although I will admit, I was initially thrown off, thinking it was the OTHER Jack's answer (the one with a duck as his profile picture) and I was shocked at the transformation of having a rational response lol Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Jack Lv
7 5 years ago Favorite Answer "What percentage of rape accusations are false? Please state your gender too.?" It's impossible to know for sure...because invariably some men who are convicted...will be convicted based on a false accusation and lies, and some men who are acquitted...will have gotten away with it. Any reputable individual will tell you that there are no good studies out there.
Yes, the conviction rate when it comes to false accusations is very low...but the conviction rate for rape itself (at least according to RAINN) is very low. The police may say it's between 2% and 8%, but if you go by RAINN's statistics, only about 22% of rapes reported to the police lead to an arrest.
But that in and of itself doesn't by default mean that false accusations account for 78% because, amongst other things, there may be multiple victims of one offender (which of course RAINN and the rest of the feminist victim industry don't seem to mind neglecting when they're talking about men getting away with rape)...it's just a variable to consider rather than jumping head into assuming that even police are giving reputable numbers about this kind of stuff. Again...no one knows for sure. "MRAs love to ignore that fact that men commit more crimes, so they try and cover it up by making people feel bad for them by blaming women. Typical illogical MRAs." You keep on beating this drum, but there is no logic to your statements either.
There are plenty of studies in the justice system which indicate that men receive harsher treatment than women...so MRAs pointing out the judicial gap are being entirely logical and reasonable.
But keep on trolling...I mean 9 thumbs up in 5 minutes for a response that doesn't even answer the question...yeah, sounds totally legit...NOT!!! 0 5 3 Login to reply the answers Post WHAT THE DEUCE?? Lv
7 5 years ago ONE man convicted of a rape he didn't commit is one too many. Google Brian Banks. I know that some believe that if a few innocent men have to go to prison in order for them to get what they want then that's how it should be. WRONG They certainly wouldn't be feeling that way if that was their son behind bars for a crime he didn't commit. 1 4 1 WHAT THE DEUCE?? Lv
7 5 years ago Report And of course those "some" that I referred to will be thumbing this down. Got some real cuckoos out there I tell ya. Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 5 years ago I think it depends if you mean official police reports or also include women who only report it to campus judiciary.
The latter is far less reliable.
Feminists often claim false reports are less than 2 percent, one study says as much as 50%.
I imagine the truth is something like midway between those two extremes. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post ajtheactress Lv
7 5 years ago 2-8% Female rape survivor Source(s):
http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/416536/how-co... 0 5 4 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Mark Lv
4 5 years ago I don't know.
But making False Accusations in general seems to be almost entirely a woman's trait.
Have you ever heard of a man falsely accusing someone of rape, sexual harassment, or domestic battery?
I haven't. 0 2 6 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 5 years ago There are no reliable statistics to give an indication - mainly because the ones that actually don't go to trial (most of them) can be classified as false by police and prosecutors depending on their own criteria.
In most places, complaints that are withdrawn for any reason are classified as "false", even though in the majority of cases they're withdrawn because the police convince the complainant to do so, due to lack of evidence. 0 4 5 Login to reply the answers Post Haytham 5 years ago Some statistics say 15% some say 40%. I personally think that 20-25% of rape accusations are false. I'm a man. -Haytham 0 2 8 Login to reply the answers Post venom 5 years ago MRAs love to ignore that fact that men commit more crimes, so they try and cover it up by making people feel bad for them by blaming women. Typical illogical MRAs. 0 5 7 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 5 years ago 100 percent.
Male Everyone's idea of rape is different but in the eyes of me, I can do no wrong. A no is just a yes in spanish 3 1 12 ... Show all comments Lv
6 5 years ago Report "No" sounds absolutely nothing like "Si" Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why should women give birth to boys? 31 answers How come many problems in this world originated from men? 14 answers Why are females far less likely to commit violent crimes against strangers than males? Why are thugs with jugs so uncommon? 20 answers Why are men less likely to wear masks compared to women? 9 answers Why are women who speak up called "Karen"? Is this a kind of politically acceptable misogyny? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions why does everything beggars say a reflection of their mother's upbringing? Why are men less likely to wear masks compared to women? Why is a guy sIut or weight shaming a girl different to a girl height shaming a guy ? Does the word C'u'n't have a meaning? Why don't incels go for Asian women? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites