have u noticed how guys have the ability to transcend their base primal instincts? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Social Science Gender & Women's Studies
·
6 years ago have u noticed how guys have the ability to transcend their base primal instincts? Update : we are supposed to ra.pe and plunder and have harems. Yet we keep these motives in check.
Women are unable to overcome their hypergamy and buffoirts law Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance John Lv
7 6 years ago Favorite Answer Rape and plunder are not primal instincts.
If they were, then all animals would rape and plunder, but none of them do. Harems, well, many animals have an Alpha who hogs all the females, but not all animals.
So it would be difficult to prove that humans are supposed to be one of the animals that have harems. 2 0 0 ... Show all comments John Lv
7 6 years ago Report Rape is when one of the parties does not want the sex.
When two animals meet, the female can still say no to a male.
Likewise, a female can choose between two males, such as the peacock with bigger feathers.
There is no rape. Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
7 6 years ago There is no primal instinct to rape, plunder or have harems?
Try opening a book not just using your imagination. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Hypergamy? Briffault's Law? Right... I just looked through your Q&A, kid. And my general assessment of you is that you're a sheltered white boy with Asperger's syndrome or high functioning autism who spends most of his time on the internet reading up on useless esoteric trivia that no person with a social life could possibly care about, are a pathetic teenaged virgin with no social skills who desperately wants to get laid but couldn't talk to a woman without breaking out into cold sweats, and just stumbled across the sub-Reddit for other pathetic teenaged MRA's. Also, I bet you have like 5 or 6 separate tabs open in your browser right now for porn. And at least half of them are cartoon porn. Did I nail it, or did I nail it? No, loser, men are not supposed to rape, plunder, and have harems. That's what you WISH you could have in your masturbation fantasies. And no, women do not suffer from "hypergamy". Did you just time travel here from the 17th century or something? I have bad news for you kid. No woman is ever going to have sex with you. Ever. Not even for money. And that's entirely your fault, not theirs. 1 3 2 6 years ago Report Wrong. And its the internet. Get used to it you over reactive dummy. Keep those emotions in check Login to reply the answers Post mister-damus Lv
7 6 years ago I have no motive to rape or plunder. Most of us don't.
And while a harem might be nice, I have no burning desire to obtain one. Source(s):
reality versus misandry 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Oqi 6 years ago what you are suggesting is not the men's primal instincts. reproduction is not the equivalent of rape, plunder is not the equivalent of provide. who told you this?? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago I believe Civilization and Society tuck care of our primal instincts 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Aren’t women superior to men? 20 answers If gender isn't real how do transgenders exist? 8 answers Why do some minority female cashiers pick on older white women? 14 answers I am a mangina. How can I become an Alpha male? 10 answers Are most women nowadays
sexually attracted to the female body and naked women and they like lesbian sex and expeimenting with women? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions can you use tangible, physical, non-sentimental, non-semantics related stuff to refute this statement? Do most women have a bisexual lesbian side? Would you feel guilty if you were paralyzed in a wheelchair and your family was stuck taking care of you? Is it wrong to feel extremely proud of my penis? DO women realize that life is easy for them?? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites