is courage...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Social Science Psychology
·
1 decade ago is courage...? essentially the ability to overcome ones faults/flaws? or to attain ones goals? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Courage stems from a fear that you have to overcome, so unless you fear your faults/flaws, no it isn't the ability to overcome them. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post 1fate 1 decade ago Courage is not ability. Courage is the willingness to do what you want to do without letting fear or other issues prevent you from doing it. A person could be extremely courageous and not be able to overcome his/her flaws or attain his/her goals. If the person set reasonable goals that they can achieve and didn't view themself as flawed but as who they are then courage wouldn't really be important to overcoming issues or reaching goals. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago i think it's the ability to face known obstacles in order to reach one's goals. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Being a single woman at 26 and seeing everyone my age married with kids makes me feel super lonely and sad? 47 answers Why is it so hard for me to stop being envious and fix my low self esteem?? Any advice ? ? 11 answers If a really brilliant person commit suicide, does that mean there's actually no point in living? 13 answers Am I okay? ? 6 answers Am I too emotionally unstable for weed? or did I just have a bad first time? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions A 50yr old women said that she's afraid I'm too young??(Im 26) What should I say?? Please HELP!!? What does 'main thing' mean here? Is this something you would say to someone you care about? What do you think about only being able to communicate with delivery couriers from behind closed doors these days? does manifestation actually work ? Anyone else in the same boat? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites