False rape accusations are a very serious problem - what do you think men can do to stop it? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products RAWR Lv
6 RAWR
asked in
Social Science Gender & Women's Studies
·
7 years ago False rape accusations are a very serious problem - what do you think men can do to stop it? from happening to them? i was thinking maybe men could make smart choices like not allow themselves to be in the same room with a woman, or not sleep around too much because it might give people the wrong idea.
i take basic precautions like locking my house door - if i didn't then i would justifiably be held responsible if something happened, so why can't men take basic precautions like dressing in a way that no woman will be tempted to falsely accuse them of rape for her own gain?
if they took these precautions it would be a lot easier for people to see that the false rape accusation really happened and he's not just lying about it. it's just basic common sense...
BA:
if men are wearing nice clothes and looking really successful in public, aren't they basically just asking for it? Update : i'm not saying men are totally responsible for it, but unless they were alone in their house at the time, they are partially responsible for it, especially if they were flirting with the woman and showing off or bragging about their car/job etc. they could have done things differently to make the woman not want to FRA them. Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Thomas Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer The best thing men could do to stop false rape accusations is for them to stop having coitus with intoxicated women(either from alcohol or drugs).
Going to a bar or a party and consistently giving a woman drink after drink in the hope of taking advantage of her is not only reckless but it's predatory as well.
And of course there are some that need to learn what no really means.
But of course, you have to realize that they over exaggerate false rape accusation statistics in some weird competition thing.
It's all very creepy and shows that rape culture is thriving in the west.
BQ:
Of course not and asking this will only confuse the poor things even more.
Telling them straight up about anything can be difficult.
But turning the question around on them will cause even more testeria. 0 5 4 Login to reply the answers Post CloudKicker Lv
4 7 years ago "i was thinking maybe men could make smart choices like not allow themselves to be in the same room with a woman, or not sleep around too much because it might give people the wrong idea." I don't think it matters what "idea" people have, although I do agree that it's smart to pay close attention to whom one chooses to sleep with. There are certainly red flags that men need to pay attention to.
"v i take basic precautions like locking my house door - if i didn't then i would justifiably be held responsible if something happened, so why can't men take basic precautions like dressing in a way that no woman will be tempted to falsely accuse them of rape for her own gain? " Not sure why you think you are "responsible" for a robbery or whatever if one does happen. Certainly, you can still be robbed even if you do lock your door. Rather, it's a smart precaution on your part. Also, I'm not sure clothing has an effect on false rape occurrences. I guess you could make the argument that certain women might target certain men depending on the clothing they wear, but that would require actual research, which has not yet been done.
Most false accusations occur as a result of regret (that they had sex). it's not a "targeting" game the same way other crimes are.
" if they took these precautions it would be a lot easier for people to see that the false rape accusation really happened and he's not just lying about it. it's just basic common sense... " Although I don't agree with the precautions you listed, I do agree that men should be more aware of the ways in which they can limit their chances of being falsely accused. That being said, lets not forget that the onus must be on the law, not the victim. Like other users pointed out, right now, false accusers are not punished severely enough for litigation to be a deterrent.
Unfortunately, until that happens, it's really up to men to take the necessary precautions because society, simply couldn't care less.
EDIT: Lol, I just realized who asked this question. I guess you were trying to prove a point. Too bad you got schooled on how to rationally conduct ones self instead of screaming "victim blaming!" 0 2 4 Login to reply the answers Post ✡ Alchemy Master ✡ Lv
7 7 years ago 1. Make the law so they need to have evidence to convict the man in the first place, as some places don't require evidence which is unfair. 2. Educate men on how to be cautious and how to conduct themselves and be wary that false rape accusations can occur. 3. Educate women on how to be cautious as well, in public so as to avoid rape and with family etc, as usually rapes occur with people related/ family or loved ones. 4. Make women and men more aware of the law from a young age about what counts as rape and legal definitions etc. 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post Darin88 Lv
7 7 years ago 1) repeal all sexist laws that deny men due process.... like the rape shield laws that suppress relevant facts, and the VAWA that presume women are the victim and men the criminals. Such blatant sexism has no place in or out of court. 2) Stop viewing woman as victims and start viewing them as equals. That means equal accountability, responsibility, and burdens. 3) require law enforcement and the DA's to aggressively investigate rape accusations and prosecute anyone found to have made false accusations to the full extent of the law. When women start going to prison, they might take pause at lying, which they do not do today because their is no consequences to lying about rape (no DA would dare to prosecute a woman who claimed to be raped...even if the evidence proves she lied). Those would be the first step and they would have a dramatic impact on the number false rape accusations. 0 3 5 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 6 years ago So.. I recently bought this system
http://www.goobypls.com/r/rd.asp?gid=563.
It teaches how to protect yourself and your family in case of violent situations or unexpected attacks from thiefs. Sometimes having a gun is just not enough. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post I love Mr Darcy! Lv
6 7 years ago I agree with your suggestions but I dont see what difference clothes make.
A lot of women make accusations against an ex just to get back at them.
They just need to make sure they are not put in awkward situations like a party where everyone's drunk or inviting a girl to his place for "coffee". 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago this is a really bad analogy. I think really we have to look at the law. how is a man even able to be wrongfully convicted of rape ? if we look at the Brian Banks case - the guy spent 6 years in jail - his accuser got PAID like $1.5 million for suing the school - now the conviction has been over turned it looks like all that is gonna happen to her is she is gonna pay the money back along with a suspended sentence. heres one recent case - the false accuser got 3 months in jail. what kind of deterrent is that ? ->
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-2508... I think its definitely the law that needs to be examined on this subject. is false rape allegation a serious crime or not ? this is the question society needs to ask itself, and are we happy to continue to send potentially innocent men to jail for rape ? I dont think we do this in such high numbers for any other crime. 0 3 4 Login to reply the answers Post True Blue Brit Lv
7 7 years ago Celibacy.
It's a great choice.
For neurotics. 0 3 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why should women give birth to boys? 31 answers How come many problems in this world originated from men? 14 answers Why are females far less likely to commit violent crimes against strangers than males? Why are thugs with jugs so uncommon? 20 answers Why are men less likely to wear masks compared to women? 9 answers Why are women who speak up called "Karen"? Is this a kind of politically acceptable misogyny? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why don't incels go for Asian women? why does everything beggars say a reflection of their mother's upbringing? Why are men less likely to wear masks compared to women? Why is a guy sIut or weight shaming a girl different to a girl height shaming a guy ? should there be mgtow- based gender studies classes in colleges...? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites