how do you find yourself? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Social Science Psychology
·
1 decade ago how do you find yourself? Update : can you find yourself if you have a partner Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Inner self-exploration is as deep as it gets ! take a good break already from your job, studies, family and friends , of course make sure that you are free from any responsibilities before going into this journey ! Go somewhere where you always feel at peace with yourself and the world ! take a notebook with you and write down simple things first such as your likes and dislikes , what kind of qualities make you stronger and which ones make you weaker , and then move on into more deep stuff , where have you gone with your relationships ? who are you in a group of people what kind of things have you given back to your community , ? which are your dreams and why are they your dreams ? No matter which method you use i think that sincerity is key when it comes down to your real self , by that i mean to look at the negative traits as well but never ever as a way to identify yourself with a label on your head but always as something to improve ! remember that we humans are constantly changing and you are never going to find an exact definition of who you are , at the end it is more an issue of where you are supposed to be and what are you supposed to be doing?
these are the concerns that can make understand the rest of the story! good luck with that! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post dear prudence 1 decade ago this is a really good question. i think how i do it is expressing my emotions through music. sometimes if things bother me or something and i take it out on my guitar, i find emotions i didn't even know were there and i can understand why i was feeling bad before. and also expressing myself through music made me realize i want to play music for the rest of my life. it's a part of me now. i'm sorry im not very good at explaining myself. so i hope this is somewhat helpful. but i think what u need to do to find yourself is do what you love and something you can do that allows you to express yourself. sometimes you find things you didn't know were there. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Spirit Of Cosmos Lv
7 1 decade ago That's an excellent question. Only the most open minded of us are able to ask that question, and only the most daring of us are able to find our true self's. Many of us wear our religious traditions, are delusions, and illusions, with out ever asking what it is that lays underneath all those ideas. Well there is a person, with innate desires. Each self likes certain things, each self is the sum of its parts.
I know from experience you must first be lost, before you can be found.
Know, and cling, to the things that fit in with your internal puzzle.
0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post _-ЯÆ-_ Lv
4 1 decade ago By writing to me or friends. By taking pictures. By doing my hobbies. From feedback from my friends. By being alone regularly. By thinking at night before I sleep. By being honest to me. By finding something to believe in.
(could be organization, authors words, a religion, a charity, a cause...) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in anonymusname9 1 decade ago I go to the mall and look for the map with the sign that says "you are here"
....it's usually pretty accurate. Descarte is good as well 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Votre chance ! Lv
5 1 decade ago I'm already find myself. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I was lost long ago. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post lava_lamp 1 decade ago take your clothes off, then you'll find yourself 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago do only what pleases you. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post butterfly Lv
4 1 decade ago
Why ,
are
you
lost?? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Being a single woman at 26 and seeing everyone my age married with kids makes me feel super lonely and sad? 47 answers Why is it so hard for me to stop being envious and fix my low self esteem?? Any advice ? ? 11 answers If a really brilliant person commit suicide, does that mean there's actually no point in living? 13 answers Am I okay? ? 6 answers Am I too emotionally unstable for weed? or did I just have a bad first time? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Por que le llaman paciente cero al primer caso de COVID-19 si para mi seria el caso uno? How are you fighting the sense of isolation during the pandemic? Is this a good business name? Anyone else in the same boat? A 50yr old women said that she's afraid I'm too young??(Im 26) What should I say?? Please HELP!!? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites