What to expect from psychotherapy session? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Sasha Sasha
asked in
Social Science Psychology
·
7 years ago What to expect from psychotherapy session? I am having my first psychotherapy session today and I don't know what to expect. I am afraid that I won't remember all the issues that I'm having and that I will leave out important details. Thanks Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer It kind of depends on the therapist. but most of the time the therapist wil take the lead. If there are some tings you want to talk about just say them. Also dont worry if you forget something. you can always talk about it in the next session. hope this helps Source(s):
going to therapy myself 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post That Loon Again 7 years ago I've had quite a few therapists in the past, some better than others. I've found it's always helpful to write down my concerns and issues in advance to make absolute certain I know what I want to talk about. Always remember during the session that you're in charge of what you're talking about. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Being a single woman at 26 and seeing everyone my age married with kids makes me feel super lonely and sad? 47 answers Why is it so hard for me to stop being envious and fix my low self esteem?? Any advice ? ? 11 answers If a really brilliant person commit suicide, does that mean there's actually no point in living? 13 answers Am I okay? ? 6 answers Am I too emotionally unstable for weed? or did I just have a bad first time? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions is true that being a people pleaser is not really being nice, its just a sign of low confidence and seeking approval from others? What does 'main thing' mean here? Is this something you would say to someone you care about? does manifestation actually work ? How are you fighting the sense of isolation during the pandemic? Anyone else in the same boat? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites