Does cracking your knuckles give you arthritis? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Zaika Zaika
asked in
Health General Health Care Other - General Health Care
·
1 decade ago Does cracking your knuckles give you arthritis? Some say yes, some say no. Does anyone actually know for sure? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance sassy Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Question: Does Cracking Your Knuckles Cause Arthritis? Stop cracking your knuckles! That's a common plea from a parent trying to protect their children's hands, or from someone who's simply annoyed by the noise. Come to think about it, is cracking your knuckles just an irritating habit or is it actually harmful? Can cracking your knuckles cause arthritis? Answer: Cracking your knuckles does not cause arthritis. Understanding what physically occurs when you crack your knuckles will help you realize that the "knuckle cracking causes arthritis" theory is actually just a popular myth. How the Joint Works A joint is formed where the ends of two bones come together. The ends of the two bones are covered by articular cartilage. The cartilage is surrounded by what is called the joint capsule. Inside the joint capsule, there is synovial fluid which serves as a lubricant for the joint and also as a source of nutrients for the cells that maintain the joint cartilage. Synovial fluid contains dissolved gases -- oxygen, nitrogen, and carbon dioxide. When you crack your knuckles or when pressure is applied to a joint, the pressure inside the joint capsule expands but the expansion is limited by how much synovial fluid is contained in the joint. Synovial fluid cannot expand unless pressure inside the joint capsule drops and the dissolved gases can escape out of the fluid. The cracking sound comes from the gases rapidly being released from the fluid. Study Conclusions There have been a few studies over the years that considered whether or not cracking knuckles caused arthritis. One study found that there was no increase of hand arthritis among knuckle crackers, however, knuckle cracking was related to hand swelling and lower grip strength. Another study indicated that while knuckle cracking was not associated with arthritis, it was associated with damage to ligaments that surround the joint and dislocation of tendons. While cracking your knuckles is not linked to causing arthritis, there may be a connection to soft tissue injuries. Source(s):
about.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Wendy Lv
4 4 years ago I'm 33... I've been cracking my thumb knuckles since I was about 10... I haven't gotten arthritis yet. My mom has arthritis & I never heard her crack her knuckes, ever. I really don't think the two are related. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mario D 1 decade ago No, cracking your knuckles will not give you arthritis. My Nonna always told me it would but it does not. When a joint cracks it is being put in place, taken out of place, or releasing gases in the joint. People so see chiropractors and they crack your back, and they fix your problems.
So no go ahead and crack your knuckes. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago yes. im 25 ive always cracked my knuckles and the knuckle on the middle of my fingers have grown slightly larger and hurts every now n then wen it gets cold outside.
0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in auntieann Lv
4 1 decade ago I have always been told yes, but I have done it since I was 8 and now I'm 38, nothing yet. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago it depleates the cartalige between your knuckles which causes bone to bone when you get old so yes 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago well some people say when u get older ur bones are weak and i want the real answr too 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How to wake up early? 6 answers Fluttering/vibrating sound and feeling inside ear? 6 answers Is it bad to crack your back? 5 answers Why are all deaths blamed on coronavirus ? 70 answers Have I changed the appearance of my feet by not wearing socks? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it safe for someone who just had a seizure to not go to the hospital? Will anything happen if you wash inhaler mouth piece (no canister) but didn't let it dry out enough before using?? How do I fix imbalance in my left side? ? My boyfrien might have overdosed on mariuana? Why am I sooo tired when I wake up? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites