My girlfriend has Rheumatiod Arthritis...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Other - Diseases
·
1 decade ago My girlfriend has Rheumatiod Arthritis...? I have dual citizenship with the UK. I live in the US. The medication the doctor prescribes her costs 2000 dollars a month without insurance and 4-500 a month, Of course shes never tried it because she can't afford it, nor can she get insurance, she is 21. would she be better taken care of if somehow I could get her into the Canadian Health Care system, granted it would take time, but as I love her I am willing to try anything. Update : I am a US citizen as well. Update 2 : 2000 without insurance, 4-500 with insurance. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance janie Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Yes, Canada will be better as they have universal health care, however, it is important to read on. Dr John R Christopher, the father of modern herbology, had rheumatoid arthritis by the time he could walk as an infant. He discovered if he ate a vegan, mucus-less diet, he was fine..if he ate a sugary desert, he would needed a cane.
If he ate meat and dairy, it put him in a wheelchair. I have heard that people who become vegans for various reasons often find that their arthritis goes away. Also taking off what Minx said, people often think milk and dairy are a good source of calcium; however, the high amount of protein in the products leeches calcium from one's bones.
It has been said milk causes osteoporosis, so one is better sticking with the other sources of calcium she mentioned and taking supplements and avoiding dairy.
Many of the soy products substituted are enriched with additional calcium.. Also of help besides calcium which is very important are herbs like horsetail, yucca, and butcher's broom.
Here are some more helpful herbs
http://www.holisticonline.com/Remedies/Arthritis/a... I feel that getting her into the Canadian system might be beneficial if your goal is to get her drugs, but be mindful of the fact that these NSAID drugs like Motrin and other anti-inflammatories can permanently destroy her kidneys.
This is what happened to my mother..she took Motrin for arthritis many years and it destroyed her kidneys..the hell of dialysis for two years damaged her heart (dialysis raises chance of heart attacks 30 times) and she suffered nine heart attacks in a year the last left her begging to die in agony and suffering.
Once someone's kidneys are destroyed, it is difficult to get better even with alternative health as detoxifying overwhelms the damaged and poorly functioning kidneys and the toxins cannot get out of the body sufficiently. Far better for her to become a vegan than to take thousands of dollars of dangerous drugs and be left worst off in the long run. Please check out this link and read all his suggestions for arthritis..this is the one who healed so many and who himself suffered severe pain even as a young child who healed himself.
He also lists many interesting case histories, http://www.herballegacy.com/search.asp?zoom_query=... 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Krista Lv
4 4 years ago Your father needs to see a GP and to be referred to a rheumatologist. That's a doctor who specializes in all of the more than 100 different types of arthritis. The same is true for your sister. IF your father actually has an inflammatory type of arthritis, then all of the over-the-counter pain meds won't do a thing to help. That's because pain is simply one of the symptoms, and a relatively minor one at that. No, I'm saying that your father's pain is mild. I have multiple types of arthritis and am a chronic pain patient as a result. Chronic pain is not a mild problem. But the pain of inflammatory arthritis is a minor symptom compared to what's actually happening in his body. Anyone with an inflammatory type of arthritis needs to take specific meds, prescribed by their rheumatologist, to slow the progress of their illness. The progression causes the inflammation, the inflammation causes the damage as the pain. Now do you understand what I said about the pain being a minor symptom? Unfortunately, I have no idea if your father can collect disability in Washington state, nor in any other state. In fact, I couldn't tell you if he'd be eligible in any given province in Canada, despite the fact that I am on disability in Ontario. But contact your local office of the American Arthritis Foundation for more information. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Gwen Lv
4 4 years ago Imagine for a moment your arthritis completely vanishing right now. If, in a moment, your pain and stiffness melted away. And your joints all of a sudden functioned like a well-oiled machine. Like a magic wand was waived, you'd be able to jump up from your chair and run around the room like a kid. And imagine that you'd never have to suffer as much as a pinch of arthritis stiffness or pain ever again. I know this sounds impossible right now, but bear with me, because sometimes miracles happen. It was a gift from a woman on the other side of the world. From the kindness of her heart, she took pity on my suffering and taught me how to completely reverse my arthritis. Today, I want to do the same for you! Source(s):
https://bitly.im/aL7W1 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Minx Lv
7 1 decade ago Rheumatoid arthritis at the age of 21??!!
That's so terrible.
Have you tried dietary measures to counter these symptoms yet??
Have you only had one opinion??
Calcium deficiency ~ Rickett's ~ will produce symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis.
ie:
achy bones and joints Other symptoms she may be suffering from are insomnia and in general being cranky and moody and digestive disorders as calcium is needed in the human body for healthy digestive and neural functioning as well as for bone health. Remember also for effective calcium assimilation (absorption by the body) we need to have sufficient supplies of Vitamin D in our bodies or we will display symptoms of calcium deficiency. Sooooooo, either eat more foods which are rich in vitamin D ie: cold water fishes such as tuna, salmon, sardines, herrings and milk and dairy products ....... or get at least 10 - 15 minutes per day of sunshine. vitamin D is known as the sunshine vitamin. Things that could be robbing her of her precious calcium supplies are antiobiotics, antidepressants, being on your menses will decrease your calcium supply, soft drinks and sodas being high in phosphorus will deplete you of calcium also by leaching it from your bones......... Eat more foods rich in calcium and Vitamin D. foods rich in calcium are ~ milk and milk products, all cheeses, soybeans, tofu, sardines, salmon, peanuts, walnuts, sunflower seeds, dried beans, kale, broccoli, leafy green vegies............. also, milk enriched with vitamin D can rob your body of its magnesium supplies. magnesium is known as the antistress mineral and is essential for healthy nerve and muscle functioning and for heart health. If you live in a cold climate, in areas of high smog density or work at night time you should also increase your intake of vitamin D rich foods. i truly wish you & your girlfriend the best of healthy and vitality buddy and hope you resolve her health issues post haste♥♥ CHEERS ♥ Source(s):
naturopath in training 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in TweetyBird Lv
7 1 decade ago Take her to the UK. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post The T 1 decade ago Find someone who looks like her and buy their citizenship papers for 10k. OMG people - don't hate! He loves her and she needs help! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I am having lots of frequent small bowel movements with mucus and small blood spots. What does that mean? 4 answers Is Assburger's Disease the same thing as AIDS? 6 answers My kid ate alcoholic sorbet, WHAT DO I DO? 7 answers Besides alcohol what else can cause liver inflammation in a liver function blood test if its not alcohol? 4 answers Is Coronavirus Going to Kill the World? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions what can be done for a fatty/enlarged liver? Does fibromyalgia cause rashes and fevers? I am having lots of frequent small bowel movements with mucus and small blood spots. What does that mean? kidney stone getting stuck on the way out. Anyone else ever have this happen? What has happened to all the cases of the Flu I use to see every year .., where people would get so sick by it, contagious,? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites