What % of DMSO should I use for rhumatoid arthritis? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Alternative Medicine
·
1 decade ago What % of DMSO should I use for rhumatoid arthritis? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Soul Doctor Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer HOMEOPATHIC TREATMENT FOR ARTHRITIS without any side effects or complications of any sort, (Arthritis including Gout, Arthritis Deformans/Osteoarthritis and Rheumatism) :- Pain knee joints, worse by movements; better initial movements, continuous pain in joints, worse while rising from seat; pain in heels, worse by movements. Cassia Sophera 30X, 4 hourly
Acute attack of gout of joints of the feet.Pain with bright red swelling Aconite Nap 200, 2 hourly
Pain with inflammation, worse by movements. Bryonia Alba 200 or 1M, 6 hourly
Complaints worse after rest and exposure to cold Rhus tox 200 or 1M, 4 hourly
Complaints worse during menstruation; beginning at the time of menopause; more in hands and feet Caulophyllum 30X, 4 hourly
When the origin of complaints is gonorrhoeal; worse during day time. Medorrhinum 1M. fortnightly (3 Doses)
When the origin of complaints is tubercular Tuberculinum k, 1M fortnightly (3 Doses)
Complaints of small joints with red or pale swelling; tenderness and shifting pains; worse by motion. Main remedy for gout during cold weather Colchicum 30X, 4 hourly
When Rhus Tox cease to work; pain is worse in cold damp weather and better by movements Calcarea Carb 200 or 1M, 6 hourly (6 Doses)
Nodosities in the joints with gastric complaints. At last nodules become painless (Rheumatoid Arthritis). Tongue whitish thickly coated Antim Crud 30X or 200, 6 hourly
Complaints of feets and ankles; stiffness Drosera 200 fortnightly (3 Doses)
Complaints of long bones; contraction of ligaments Causticum 30X or 200, 4 hourly
Pain worse at night; in wet weather; Rheumatism of large muscles Cimicifuga 30X, 4 hourly
Rheumatism; worse in damp cold weather. Gout.Pain in limbs and hip joints Natrum Sulph 30X or 200, 4 hourly
Pain travels downwards affecting the large part of a limb and passes through quickly along course of nerve Kalmia Lat 30X or 200, 6 hourly
Pains worse during rest, night and warmth, better by cold, open air and movements Pulsatilla 30X or 200, 4 hourly
Pain :- violent; bruised or as if sprained ; cannot bear touch, feels somebody coming near him may touch him and hit the affected part Arnica Montana 200, 4 hourly
Gout of great toe and joints with swelling; soreness and drawing pain on stepping; worse in warmth, pressure and motion. Pain travels upwards; better cold compresses Ledum Pal 200, 4 hourly
Gouty nodosities of joints; tearing pain and extremities and contraction of the muscles Guaiacum 30 4 hourly
Chronic nodosities of joints; hands twisted, out of shape due to deposits of water of soda Ammonium Phos 6X or 30, 4 hourly
Gouty complaints with offensive urine Acid Benzoic 6X or 30, 4 hourly
When there is red sand in urine in gouty patients Lycopodium 30, 4 hourly
Severe pain with enlargement of the joints; worse during rest and when storm approaches Rhododendron 200 or 1M, 10 min (3 Doses)
Almost a specific for gout (to drain out uric acid and urates) Urtica Urens Q(Mother Tincture) 4 hourly, 8 -10 drops in hot water
Arthritic deformans (chronic rheumatoid, particularly of fingers) Picric Acid 30X, 4 hourly
Rheumatic pains or arthritis after checked diarrhoea Abrotanum 30 or 200 4 hourly (6 Doses)
Specific for pain with numbness; Pain so severe patient says that he would prefer death than the pain Chamomilla 200 or 1M, 1/2 hourly (3 Doses)
Pain appear diagonally as right arm and left leg with sensation of cold, numbness and tingling Agaricus Mus 30X or 200, 4 hourly
In weak persons; burning pain with chilliness, feels better by heat, while eating, and worse in cold open air Capsicum 30X or 200, 4 hourly
Unbearable pain; rigidity and stiffness. Superiority / inferiority complex Platina 1M, weekly (3 Doses)
Pain flies like electric shock; due to exposurse of damp cold weather. Better by warmth and rest Phytolacca 30X or 200, 4 hourly
Rheumatic pain, worse after washing clothes, doing laundry work Sepia 30X or 200, 4 hourly
Pain in long bones; may be due to injury or rheumatism Ruta Grav 200, 6 hourly
Pain worse on slightest touch specially after loss of vital fluids like excessive bleeding, diarrhoea, vomiting China Off 6X or 30, 3 hourly
Pain in the small joints of extremities with swelling. Backache, worse in the morning before rising Staphysagria 30X or 200, 4 hourly
Pain heels; better by putting most of the weight on them Berberis Vulgaris Q (Mother Tincture) 4 hourly, 8 - 10 drops
Stiffing pain in all parts of the body; worse by movement Stellaria Q(Mother Tincture) 4 hourly, 8-10 drops in warm water
Rheumatic pain without swelling; pain joints; worse at night Iodium 30X, 4 hourly
Osteo-arthritis of large joints with degeneration. Pain, swelling, stiffness and tenderness of joints; worse by motion (cracking joints) and cold ; better by warmth O.A.Nosode 1M, weekly (6 Doses)
Chronic muscular rheumatism of back and neck. Intense pain along with sciatic nerve. Numbness alternates with pain Gnaphalium 30X or 200, 4 hourly
Muscular atrophy; rigidity and stiffness Strychninum 3X or 6X, 4 hourly
Rheumatism accompained with skin ailments and itiching; cannot walk erect Sulphur 200, 10 min (3 Doses)
Rheumatism of knee joint; with round worms Natrum Phos 6X or 30, 4 hourly
For defective bony growth; better by warmth and worse by cold Calcarea Flour 12X or 30, 4 hourly
***************************** Take the remedy which is similar to your symptoms. No side effects or complications if taken as directed, please do not exceed the given dosage and under any circumstances do not try to mix any remedies and avoid Chocolates, Mints, Coffee, Red Meat, Alcoholic and Carbonated drinks, Spicy Rich Food while taking any Homeopathic remedies, and keep the medicines away from direct sunlight, heat strong smells and perfumes and do not store them in the fridge. Curing without any side effects or Complications Thats the Beauty of Homeopathic Medicine (Cures Par Excellence) Take Care and God Bless you. Source(s):
20+ years of Homeopathic Practice. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post joanie 4 years ago If you have suffered this unpleasant issue of sciatica for a month or two or decades then is the full time to change this with the eBook of Glen Johnson, Sciatica SOS from here
https://tr.im/0bcWn
. Sciatica SOS program targets the sciatica's root causes by utilizing only normal practices and as a result, the risk for just about any side effect is minimal. Sciatica SOS manual features a very easy to understand the content. It does not include any complicated instructions or difficult terminology, and you are able to integrate that treatment into your lifestyle easy. Glen Johnson also presents useful bonuses in the Sciatica SOS package. They are five benefit instructions along with whole life upgrades, advantage you will discover that they're really useful. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the proven home remedy for constipation, only those who have experienced the effect of the remedy need to answer? 9 answers Why, WHO is such vacillated regarding Hydroxychloroquine ? 5 answers  Is the World Health Organisation supporting animal research for COVID-19? 9 answers can you get placed in rehab for just smoking weed? 6 answers What is the Ayurvedic treatment of vertigo? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions porque cuando tomo cerveza me da muchas ganas de eructar ¿es malo esto o no? Has CBD ever given you nightmares? What is H-Pylori and What is the Ayurvedic treatment to kill H-Pylori? Can I take these to aide in high blood pressure + blood sugar? (Serious responses only, please read all info)? Alternative medicine users; What do you use the treat a bladder infection at home? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites