I know wearing a sweatshirt will make me shed water weight, but will it make me burn more fat? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products c2005rt c2005rt
asked in
Health Diet & Fitness
·
1 decade ago I know wearing a sweatshirt will make me shed water weight, but will it make me burn more fat? I know that when you wear a sweatshirt during exercise you sweat more and lose more water weight, but does wearing a sweatshirt make you burn more fat than not wearing one? Answer Save 31 Answers Relevance NDAZZLE 1 decade ago Favorite Answer You will sweat, which will make you lose electrolytes and water, not necessarily fat.
However in reality it will be a little harder for your body to control its temperature so you WILL burn a few more calories.
But this is a really stupid way to lose weight.
Wear proper, COMFORTABLE clothing and just work out harder.
Don't get dehydrated to get in shape. It's wrong thinking. IF it is cold then not wearing a sweatshirt will make you lose more weight.
Your body uses calories to keep body temperature at in the correct range, just think about that. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It does feel u better by sweating so that ur skin feels fresh.
No effect on fat. Eat nourishing food with plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables being part of it. Chew each morsel at least 32 times. This will activate signal to the brain as soon as u have had enough. Besides this change in eating style, take regular light exercises and brisk walks every day. U will be able to gain/shed all extra weight gracefully and in a reasonable time span. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ander 1 decade ago The guy at the top ^ is retarded. Yeah, i used to use a suit where it looked like a garbage bag, and they would make you really hot and sweaty when you exercise. Forgot what there called though. And yes you do burn more fat wearing sweatshirts then just a shirt, because your body temperature rises and makes you sweat off all the fat. Good luck! -georgio'z 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Janso 1 decade ago Only if your moving your legs and arms in forward motion i.e. running, jogging, jumping jacks etc. It is dangerous to lose too much water, and it will be temporary until you freak out and drink the fluid weight back on. Stick to the basics and understand it will take the same amount of time to take the weight off as it did putting it on. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Ngoc 5 years ago Complete Shed Plans Course :
http://GuideInfos.com/Info 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bernadette 3 years ago cut down your own
christmas
tree 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Erwin 4 years ago take a break from blue moon belgian white a 164 calorie treat and grab a miller genuine draft which is only 64 cals 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Adele F 1 decade ago any form of sweating will make you lose weight.remember though when you lose weight through excersising your probably gaining some muscle.ask your fitness centre sometimes it takes a long time to see the results of losing fat but it will happen! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago You actually burn more calories when your cold, because your body is using more energy (burning more calories) the warm up your body temp. You should also drink ice cold water to, your body does the same thing, it try's to warm up your core temp by working harder hence burning more calories. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rosemarie 4 years ago Green tea helps in burning more calories because it cantains bioactive substance 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (20) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does being slapped across the face burn face fat? 8 answers how long do sit at the toilet at work? 7 answers Will bodybuilding help me win a fight against an average person? 7 answers Best diet to lose fat belly? 18 answers Just curious, what age Is It considered to be old? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I am about to take my zoloft is my wangster going to shrink? how can i get in better shape? i used to enjoy eating sheeps brains in the 70s fried in butter is it possible to buy them now? How can I fix my body? How can I gain 60 pounds in one day? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites