What is the cause of arthritis? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Maggie Maggie
asked in
Health Other - Health
·
9 years ago What is the cause of arthritis? What leads to arthritis in the joints? What can you do to prevent it? and when is it "too late for your joints?... Answer Save 23 Answers Relevance ★☆✿❀ Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer Arthritis is an umbrella term for over 100 different conditions. There are three main types. The most common form of arthritis is osteoarthritis. This caused by wear and tear of the joints. It usually occurs in people over 40 and very rarely found in anyone younger. Most people will develop osteoarthritis eventually. But if you injure your joints, like fracture or sprain, or you are a very active person, like a gymnast or work in a physically demanding job, you're more likely to be affected early. To prevent this type of arthritis, you should do your best to look after your joints. Don't put excess strain or pressure on your joints. Omega 3 is thought to be helpful and some people report that glucosamine is helpful, although there's not a lot of evidence to support this. The next type is a crystal arthritis, most common type is gout. This usually affects middle aged men. There is thought to be a direct link between diet and gout. Sugars, alcohol and fatty food plays a bit part in the development of this type of arthritis. The last type is an autoimmune form of arthritis. This occurs in conditions such as Rheumatoid Arthritis, Lupus, Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS) and Psoriatic Arthritis. This is when the immune system confuses itself for a foreign body and begins to attack itself. There is very little you can do to prevent this type of arthritis. The best and number 1 way to minimize the risk is by not smoking. This type of arthritis is systemic, meaning it doesn't just affect the joints, but can attack the eyes, kidney, heart, liver and lungs. It causes fatigue and other symptoms. If you have a history of autoimmune diseases in your family, you're more likely to develop one yourself. These forms of arthritis usually affect those under 40, some are more common in men, but most of them (except AS) are more common in woman. These forms of arthritis are treated with medications such as steroids and chemotherapy. So, protect your joints, take omega 3, avoid sugary, fatty, salty foods, limit alcohol and don't smoke! EDIT- Claudia, your answer is seriously flawed. According to Arthritisinsight.com there are 171 different types of arthritis ( http://arthritisinsight.com/medical/disease/171.ht...
but you'll see some of these are not really types of arthritis, for example, the website lists Raynaud's Disease, Fibromyalgia, bursitis, flat feet and hypermobile syndrome. This list should really be called "musculo-skeletal disorders". I don't know where you'd get 300 different types from. What type of autoimmune arthritis is not systemic? There has been a lot of research done in to cigarette smoking and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
"Nearly a decade ago, at the American College of Rheumatology Annual Scientific Meeting in October/November 2000, researchers reported that the risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis is nearly double for current smokers compared to non-smokers. The risk of developing rheumatoid arthritis is lower for former smokers compared to current smokers, but higher than for people who never smoked. In one study, women who were smokers but had stopped at least 10 years prior to the start of the study did not have an increased risk." ( http://arthritis.about.com/od/smoking/a/cigarette_... Lupus is a form of arthritis.
"The Lupus Foundation of America estimates more than 90 percent of those affected will experience joint and/or muscle pain at some time during the course of their illness. Unlike rheumatoid arthritis, lupus arthritis is less disabling and usually does not cause severe destruction of the joints. Fewer than ten percent of people with lupus arthritis will develop deformities of the hands and feet." Arthritis is one of the 11 criteria for diagnosing Lupus. Autoimmune arthritis definitely has a genetic element. If anyone in your family has an autoimmune disease it puts you at risk of any autoimmune disease. Just because you're the only person in YOUR family to have JIA, doesn't mean it's the same for other's families. This is one of the first things a doctor will ask when you're being diagnosed with an autoimmune disease.
What do you mean gout isn't a type of arthritis? I have NEVER read anything to say that it's not a form of arthritis. The American College of Rheumatology says "Gout is a painful and potentially disabling form of arthritis that has been recognized since ancient times. Initial symptoms usually consist of intense episodes of painful swelling in single joints, most often in the feet (especially the big toe)." Diet is only on element to the cause of gout. .... Source(s):
I have autoimmune arthritis. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Imagine for a moment your arthritis completely vanishing right now. If, in a moment, your pain and stiffness melted away. And your joints all of a sudden functioned like a well-oiled machine. Like a magic wand was waived, you'd be able to jump up from your chair and run around the room like a kid. And imagine that you'd never have to suffer as much as a pinch of arthritis stiffness or pain ever again. I know this sounds impossible right now, but bear with me, because sometimes miracles happen. It was a gift from a woman on the other side of the world. From the kindness of her heart, she took pity on my suffering and taught me how to completely reverse my arthritis. Today, I want to do the same for you! Source(s):
https://bitly.im/aM6pS 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Claudia Lv
4 9 years ago most of the other answers are seriously flawed. There are over 300 types of arthritis which can affect people of all ages.
Osteoarthritis is caused by wear and tear of joints over time and can be caused by overactivity of joints or injury of joints. there is no real way to prevent getting it. eventually the cartilage in your joints will wear down. leading a healthy lifestyle helps because excess weight can be harder on joints. also avoiding joint injuries obviously but we tend to do that naturally. There are ways to treat it once you have it so it's never "too late" for your joints. if they get really bad you get a joint replacement but there are many medications and glucosamine helps with osteoarthritis. There are many forms of autoimmune arthritis such as juvenile and rheumatoid arthritis. these forms are obviously caused by the immune system attacking healthy cells in the body. not all forms are systemic (systemic arthritis is its own disease) there is absolutely no way to prevent this from happening. Smoking does not cause this disease (that makes no medical sense at all)
it has to do with the way your immune system develops and functions. also lupus though related is not a form of arthritis. Doctors do not know the cause of it because otherwise they would be closer to a cure. It has also not been proven to be genetic so your family history is not related. I have had Juvenile idiopathic arthritis since age 2 and am the only person in my entire extended family who has it. But again there are many helpful medications and things that you can do to treat it. Me and many others like me lead very normal lives with arthritis. its just a matter of knowing your body and taking care of yourself. and again if it gets really bad there is joint replacement surgery which has helped a lot of my friends greatly.
someone else mentioned gout which is caused by high uric acid. Its not exactly a form of arthrits but it's related and treated by the same doctors. This illness is caused by unhealthy lifestyle and is heavily affected by the foods that you eat. its prevented obviously by eating healthy and exercising.
there are many arthritis myths out there and many people think that there are things that cause arthritis which do not. cracking your knuckles, unhealthy diet, smoking, etc. These things are not good for you but they will not cause you to get arthritis. It is something that I wish people would understand because often times when people learn that I have arthritis they believe that I have done something wrong and I have lived a very healthy live so far. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Check here a very effective sciatica natural treatment
http://cure-sciatica.info Normally, I would not answer a question like this as my expertise is generally in medication but I had severe sciatica while I was pregnant with my 3rd child (after having had twins) and I had sciatica so bad that I was finding it difficult to walk. I tried massage therapy and physical therapy and could not take medication
I went to the chiropractor and the pain was instantly relieved. My hips and lower back were out of alignment because I had carried twins the year before. On occasion a Doctor of Osteopathy (DO) can also work but they usually only work on one joint at a time - the chiropractor will do your whole back which works faster. Anyone who does not believe in chiropractors will tell you they are quacks - don't listen.
I don't necessarily believe that chiropractors can cure things like diabetes but they can definitely relieve some types of back pain especially if a pinched nerve is involved which is usually the cause of sciatica. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Magdaia 5 years ago This Site Might Help You. RE: What is the cause of arthritis? What leads to arthritis in the joints? What can you do to prevent it? and when is it &quot;too late for your joints?... Source(s):
arthritis:
https://tr.im/eEgqs 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Sometimes the cause is overusing those joints. There are plenty of things you can do to make the situation better. There's lots of great information here:
http://www.bettermedicine.com/topic/arthritis/symp... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post euna 4 years ago If you intend to eliminate sciatica obviously in only a week or even less then Sciatica SOS, an 86-page eBook from here
https://tr.im/RMVl5
, is what you need. Sciatica SOS, an eBook published by Glen Johnson goes thorough in regards to the triggers and apparent symptoms of sciatica and explains the many misconceptions that folks have about sciatica but this eBook come to improve this. Sciatica SOS is an educational guide predicated on an ancient treatment from Nepal, which was made to completely rid you of sciatica-related suffering in only seven days or even less. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post roma 4 years ago Some thyroid disorders can be cured, but many require lifetime treatment. Learn here
https://tr.im/RIr7O
For example, sometimes early stage thyroid cancer can be cured by surgery to remove the thyroid gland, but you will need to take thyroid hormone medication afterwards for the rest of your life. Goiters can also be surgically removed and do not always recur after surgery. In most cases, thyroid disorders need treatment over a lifetime. However, with treatment most people with thyroid disorders can live normal, healthy lives. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post dodie 4 years ago If you’ve been diagnosed with diabetes, it’s very important that you learn all you can about your disease and the treatment options available to you. Learn here
https://tr.im/CVhUv One way to approach diabetes is to use integrative holistic medicine, also known as alternative medicine, a medical specialty that focuses on caring for the whole person, treating and preventing disease, and empowering patients to create conditions for optimal health. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Francis 3 years ago To shed bodyweight you have to take in or perhaps shed 3, 500 unhealthy calories for each and every lb 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (13) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions When can we stop social distancing and wearing masks and all that bullshit? 7 answers Do you like to take showers once a day or more time? 6 answers Why would anyone purposely hurt themselves? 5 answers Does dried up, years old battery acid damage your nerves and muscles if you get some on an open cut or opening in the skin of your hands? 5 answers Mouse problems ? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions In what month will the pandemic vaccine in the United States be with us to stop spikes to end the pandemic of COVID-19? How common is it to be an extreme perfectionist? In what month will the United States vaccine occurs COVID-19 be an actual reality? In the last two years, eating meat makes me nauseous. Why? Will a COVID-19 vaccine in the United States ever be a 100% reality? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites