How to lose fat from specific areas of the body? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Jon Jon
asked in
Health Diet & Fitness
·
9 years ago How to lose fat from specific areas of the body? Hey, does anyone know how I can lose fat from my face and my genital region?
Thanks in advance! Answer Save 11 Answers Relevance James 9 years ago Favorite Answer Targeting only specific area will more than likely cause an increase of muscle under that fatter layers and ultimately make you look even bigger.
What you need to do is focus on your entire body.
Do brisk walking or light jogs or a mixture of both for 30-45 mins.
If you have access to a gym you could start lifting weights but cardio workouts are very effective. Remember though,
A workout routine is pointless unless you can fix your diet.
Try to get about 5 small meals a day in to boost your metabolism.
Make sure each meal has a healthy balance of Protein, Carbs, and healthy Fats (Healthy fats come from Nuts and olive oil). If you don't do a full body workout then your body will no be proportionate.
Lots of people make this mistake when starting out and either notice that they are getting bigger or se no change at all and give up.
Good luck! Source(s):
Not a medical professional.
It is always recommended that you see a medical professional before starting any type of diet or exercise routine. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Karla 3 years ago Give your dog a bath rather than paying someone else to undertake it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post michael 4 years ago Put in place more
Christmas
lights. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post niki 4 years ago Preset the timer on the TV to turn off after a couple of hours to remind you to do something more active. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Lashaunda 4 years ago Slide a small trampoline under your couch as well as pull it out for Residence of Cards marathons. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Put upward more
Christmas
lights. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago squats and eating healthily and general exercise is the only thing to get rid of face fat 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post This Guy Lv
4 9 years ago Targeted weight loss is impossible 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Do exercises that focus on one part of the body 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Elza 4 years ago Give the delivery guy a break; when you order food in, pick it up yourself. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (1) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does being slapped across the face burn face fat? 8 answers how long do sit at the toilet at work? 7 answers Will bodybuilding help me win a fight against an average person? 7 answers Best diet to lose fat belly? 18 answers Just curious, what age Is It considered to be old? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does estrogen produces Wnt-4 protein? i used to enjoy eating sheeps brains in the 70s fried in butter is it possible to buy them now? If I eat protein 8 hours after working out will my body still use it to build muscle? how can i get in better shape? Should I eat apples everytime I crave a big meal? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites