Is cayenne pepper is good for psoriasis? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Hami Panesar Hami Panesar
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Skin Conditions
·
7 years ago Is cayenne pepper is good for psoriasis? SOME people says cayenne pepper is good for psoriasis and some people says peppers are bad for psoriasis. is it good or bad and where can i find a good diet plan for psoriasis? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Bradley Cox 7 years ago Favorite Answer I dont know if cayenne pepper would affect psoriasia at all. My advice to all psoriasis victims such as myself is to go to a dermatologist. I have had psoriasis since 14 and finally went to dermatologist when I was 20. I didnt have insurance but was delighted to learn iy costs $50 for an appt. I had it on my scalp, knees, groin, elbows, butt crack, hands, neck and the back of my thighs. I was prescribed 2 medications, one for scalp and the other for body. They were less than $100 for both I believe. After the first couple applications i already noticed the difference. In a week or two my psoriasis that I suffered from for years was gone!!!!! Take that money you are goin to spend on cayenne pepper and put it towards professional help. Imagine your psoriasis not being there! The cream was call clobesatol and thr scalp stuff I don't rembember. Once I ran out of crem though it reappeared in every spot so I bought more and still continue to buy it. That's the only catch I suppose but $45 about every two weeks is soooooooooooo worth it. I only had to go to doctor that onr time bcuz I just call cvs when I need a refill. I tried various things before but lemme tell u.... psoriasis is vicious and unrelenting. So whatrvr is keeping u from the dermatologist find a way to fix it it. I hope u take my advice as I know the pain and embarrassment you must feel. Good Luck! :))) Source(s):
Peraonal experience 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago 1 Source(s):
Psoriasis Relief
http://enle.info/HealPsoriasisNaturally 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Angie 4 years ago I Cured Psoriasis Easily Permanently -
http://Psoriasis.neatprim.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Brett 5 years ago 100% Psoriasis Organic Natural Remedy :
http://PsoriasisOut.com/Everyone 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in milton Lv
4 3 years ago 2 Source(s):
Cure Back Pain
http://ReliefSciaticaNaturally.enle.info/?ds3C 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post susann 4 years ago Want to eat some delicious Paleo recipes as soon as tonight?
Go here to get your awesome Paleo cookbook today
https://tr.im/m6mPH You're going to love the amazing Paleo meal ideas in there 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tina Lv
4 4 years ago Enhances circulation and stimulates your system. Aids with digestion. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I have a tick on my leg? 5 answers I have ringworm on my hands, is it bad if I keep wearing latex gloves? 7 answers What is the best treatment for hernias? 4 answers Why does my asshole itch? 20 answers Does anyone know why I have the weird small bump on the outskirts of my a*s hole. It hurts when I touch it and it is a small bump.? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it normal for scab to come back several times? How to be confident with acne ? Random bruising? Is it possible to cure severe cystic acne at home? I'm having really bad painful cystic acne all over face ? Infection in mouth??? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites