Flonase Nasal Spray ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Infectious Diseases
·
1 decade ago Flonase Nasal Spray ? Ok, I have been using this nasal spray from like a week for my Sinus Infection that followed after a chest cold. Still have it from past 3 weeks. I have noticed that since I started this Nasal Spray, I am feeling depressed!!! Can it be the reason ?? Should I stop using it without asking Doctor ? Male 22 I just finished z-pack antibiotic course 2 days ago. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer several clinical studies have proven that antibiotics and nasal steroids do NOT have any benefit on the acute sinus symptoms that you are experiencing. you have had a bad cold - and you still have it.
The nasal steroid and the antibiotic cannot help.
you will eventually get better on your own.
The single thing that will help your symptoms is to use an over the counter decongestant (pseudoephedrine, or even short term Afrin). I cannot tell you to disobey the orders of your doctor - but I can tell you that is is absolutely no surprise at all that this antbiotic and steroid treatment have no helped you. go to the grocery store or pharmacy and get a decongestant (;-) Source(s):
I'm an infectious disease specialist - MD 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post caprice 4 years ago That does make sense, you also have the nasal issue that my mother seems to have. Honestly I would not take a second type of nasal medication as it could have adverse side effects, but I am thinking on the safe side. Your best bet is to ask your doctor, other than that I honestly wouldnt risk it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago My brother is 9, and he has been on an off it for many reasons- they don't really know what his issue is- anyway, he feels fine, besides his 9 week headache (he takes the flonase for sinus problems, too). I think its just a coincidence... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you become immune to the coronavirus after recovering from it? 14 answers Need advice on stepping on a rusty screw? 7 answers Can Smoking alcohol kill Coronavirus ? ? 32 answers Does cocaine cure you of the coronavirus? 8 answers The vaccine is coming how many more months of the COVID-19 pandemic will this last? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Should I see a ear, nose and throat doctor? Which is worse Corona virus or the flu? If someone has had the coronavirus and has been tested positively for Coronavirus antibodies can they give me the coronavirus ? Need advice on stepping on a rusty screw? Unexplained fevers for over 2 weeks? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites