What kind of bug Bit/stung me???..? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Cassie o Cassie o
asked in
Health General Health Care First Aid
·
1 decade ago What kind of bug Bit/stung me???..? it was like a little white ball...and i couldnt flick it off i had to pick it off and i saw like little legs underneath..the..thing was really small and after it bit me there where a whole bunch of small little white things around whree it bit/stung me..(Don't say it layed eggs in me lol cause i
know it didntt!!!) and it felt like a bee sting but worse..it was bleeding and the around it was a little blue and red..but one of my teachers cleaned it..when i got home it wasnt blue anymore it was just like red and a little ***** but i cleaned it and it doesnt look so bad now but it still really hurts..i just want to know what kind of bug it was..or w/e it was lol maybe it was some kinda of plant..?? idk oh and i was leaning against a metal fence with long grass and the time if that helps lol Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance bec0688 1 decade ago Favorite Answer It may have been a cottony cushion scale.... The female carries an egg sac so the little white things may have been eggs, but of couse it didn't lay eggs IN you. Google it for a picture and see if it looks the same. They are mostly in the Arizona/California area. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ulysses 1 decade ago Sounds like you had a woodtick stuck to you.
Usually they're brown or red, but sometimes they're gray or white.
They also change colors after they've been stuck to you for a while and have grown fat drinking your blood. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post luger Lv
5 1 decade ago If you live in the Mohave Desert than it was a wingless wasp 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bettyboop Lv
6 1 decade ago Gosh, it could be a lot of things.
Maybe your science teacher would know... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago some kind of gnat or somethin like that bit my dad once. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post James Y 1 decade ago Could it have been a Whitefly? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago havvvee no clue sounds scary. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post aaron l 1 decade ago a tick or mite 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think I got bit by? 6 answers Should I be worried about this human bite? 5 answers Is it true that there’s nothing doctors can do to help prevent heat exhaustion and heat strokes outside of increasing hydration ? 5 answers Does peroxide work as well as alcohol for cuts? 4 answers Can someone tell me what kind of bite mark this is? ? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions In the case of a stroke what information is most important for you to obtain before arriving at a hospital? Should I take my son to a hospital? Tick in ear canal? okay to apply bug spray on penis? my whole under eye is swollen after a mosquito bite? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites