Are Breath Right nasal strips okay? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Respiratory Diseases
·
7 years ago Are Breath Right nasal strips okay? I have a cold and I have nasal congestion. Will Breath Right nasal strips help, and do doctors recommend it? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance TweetyBird Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer I don't personally know any doctors who have recommended them.
Incidentally, the name is Breathe Right.
If you have nasal congestion because of mucus, Breathe Rights may not make a big difference, not like a nasal decongestant would.
If your congestion is due to swollen membranes, then Breathe Rights will help.
Try them, they work.
If you'd like a preview, place the tips of your index fingers, one on each side of your nose, at the bottom of your nasal bone and pull the skin on each side outward, toward your ears.
That's what a Breathe Right will do for you. Source(s):
I'm a nurse. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Suzanne Lv
4 4 years ago That's too bad. Do you guys share a bedroom also? If so, that's just too close. My b/f snores like an animal. I absolutely cannot take it so I moved my bed upstairs. He sleeps downstairs. It works out well. Might I suggest you talk to your doctor about taking something like Ambien? It works well for most people who can't sleep or sleep lightly. Maybe it will help you to sleep through the noise if there is no other way. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dandelion Perfect Lv
7 7 years ago Doesn&#x27;t work. Personal experience. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post matt 5 years ago i like them but everyone is different 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Mold in my house making me sick? 5 answers Is chest pain a coronavirus symptom? 22 answers If people walk near me when I'm food shopping, but I have my mask on, does it put me at risk of catching coronavirus? 9 answers Why do I feel suffocated when wearing a face mask? Is there a mask that doesnt cover the nostrils? 9 answers If so many refuse to wear a mask even when ordered, will they be ok with the staff of my or their mother’s retirement home didn’t wear one? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions So in Dec/Jan I had a really bad cough. For possibly over a month. I suffered from chills and fatigue. The cough was full of phlegm but ? How many COVID19 patients get pneumonia ? Shortness of breath? Constant urge to take a deep breath? My doctors are saying it’s safe for me to go to work, when I have a bacteria infection that causes respiratory infections (read)? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites