Why does my lip swell lyke this? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products j.m.g j.m.g
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions STDs
·
1 decade ago Why does my lip swell lyke this? OKAY MY TOP LIP SWELLS UP AND IT FEELS LYKE SUMTHING HAS BITTEN ME BEFORE IT SWELLS I DNT THINK I HAVE AN STD BECAUSE I'VE ONLY KISSED ONE BOY SINCE I WAS 11YRS OLD.WHEN IT SWELLS IT MAKES THE INSIDE OF MY LIP HAVE RED SPOTS ON IT AND IT BURNS SO BADLY BUT IT DOESN'T HAPPEN THAT OFTEN Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance ALWAYS GOTTA KNOW Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer You are, what, 12 or 13?
You have a mother or grandmother or aunt, etc. You take these kinds of things to them.
You don't ask a bunch of whoever's to diagnose a physical problem.
You will not get anything worthwhile except to be told over and over see a doctor.
You are guilty over something you did and you knew you should not have done it.
Don't do it again. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post MISS-MARY Lv
6 1 decade ago Sorry to tell you you can have herpes simplex which is not a STD but is passed on by drinking after others or sharing food or whatever. The same virus causes genital herpes but, it ian't always that ont he lips oK. It's just the old fashioned cold sore. It usually breaks out under stress, a cold or when the immune system is down. you can use antibiotic ointment on it at night and you can rinse in warm salt and baking soda water to soothe it as soon as you feel it. They sell something called abrevex at the pharmacy. It's pretty expensive. good luck. A lot of people have it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mona S 1 decade ago You could have allergies to certain foods. Some people can't eat nuts, chocolate or citrus foods. It makes there mouth swell up . If this continues go to the doctor and see what he thinks. A allergy can develop over night. Source(s):
Work at hospitial 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post pyxypower777 1 decade ago Definitely check with doc. It could be an allergic reaction try benadryl at night. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Indigo Lv
7 1 decade ago It's possible you could be slightly allergic to something you've eaten, or anything you're lips have come into contact with. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post vampire_kitti Lv
6 1 decade ago I don't know if this is an STD but I would go see your regular doctor, if he thinks you should be tested for STDs he'll let you know. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post WithLove Joe James 1 decade ago Tell your parents, dear; you might have been stung by a bug. Your parents will seek medical intervention early enough, so you won't get infection. Source(s):
Rudimentary Medical knowledge. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post sweet tee 1 decade ago go to the doctor 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago check with doc. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Sex question? 5 answers Is urithritis an early symptom of herpes ?  I feel like my life is finished and need to die? 5 answers Can you catch an STD/STI from using someone else's wash cloth by accident? 5 answers Will my mom know if I got an STD test if I use her insurance? 6 answers If I take my wife in for a rape test and to check for std's can she refuse to have them done? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Eyes and face yellow from drinking? Without showing a picture, if you don't mind. Are coconut crabs freaky looking? I need help my anxiety is through the roof thinking I have some sdi ? Sex question? chances of getting hsv ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites