Blood after releasing excrement? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Andrea Andrea
asked in
Health Other - Health
·
7 years ago Blood after releasing excrement? For the past three days or so I have had a frequent need to use the washroom and had two spouts of diarrhea where afterwards on the toilet paper there was a dab of blood. What could that be? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance ? Lv
5 7 years ago Favorite Answer Depends on the color of the blood. If it's coffee colored or dark red, get to the hospital fast- it's a sign of internal bleeding. Even if you don't feel pain, you really must go if you want to live. If the blood is bright red, you've got little to worry about, you probably just strained too much and caused hemorrhoids. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago You can find out more about natural hemorrhoids cure here
http://curehemorrhoid.info
Diarrhea can contribute to hemorrhoid formation because the bowel undergoes pressure strains due to the condition. Undue pressure on the veins that make up internal hemorrhoidal structures can worsen existing damage. Internal hemorrhoids are not visible, unless they proplapse (protrude) from the anus, either constantly or during a bowel movement. If this is the case, then you have a grade III or IV internal hemorrhoid. If the protrusion is on the anal verge or the area surrounding the anus, then its likely an external hemorrhoid. Reducing pressure from issues of diarrhea and constipation will help. Not straining during a bowel movement, not lifting heavy objects, not sitting for extended periods, all will help.
An external hemorrhoid is simply a vein located at the anal verge, the wall of which as weakened and protruded. Don't push on it, this will only increase pressure and worsen it. The body has to repair the vein wall and rebuild the integrity. This takes time, perhaps weeks, if all goes well. Use sitz baths and over-the-counter medications such as pads or creams to provide symptom relief in the interim. These won't solve the issue long term, but will give the tissue a better chance at self-healing.
Internal hemorrhoids are a different matter and require more intervention. Your best bet is to educate yourself about the condition, its causes and what options there are to treat it both short and long term. Don't ignore it though, hemorrhoids tend to become chronic in nature, lasting years or decades in some cases. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago This is the best system to dispose of hemorrhoids :
http://www.goobypls.com/r/rd.asp?gid=412 I discovered it after years of pain...i was excessively modest for approaching help to a doctor for my hemorrhoids problem...and surely I was scared of surgery! I bought this book on how to get rid of hemorrhoids naturally. After reading the book and taking action in 48 hours the pain, irritation, itching and bleeding was gone. To my surprise I was able to permanently cure my hemorrhoids.We need to stop paying paying each month good money on drugs, creams and oils. This is exactly what the pharmaceutical industry wants us to do and after all these dugs we don't get any result, any relief. This system helped me a considerable measure! Presently I don't have hemorroids anymore and I fell unquestionably better...no more irritation no more agony no more draining hemorrhoids.
I propose you to try it on the off chance that you are suffering of hemorrhoids.
This strategy is very quick and rapidly you can dispose of hemorrhoids once for all and tackle this problem for ever.
I know how you feel...i was feeling very terrible becouse i didn't what to do, however trust me with that system you can rapidly get relief and start feeling great.
At last hemorrhoids are simply engorged venis and there is an answer fo this problem. This
http://www.goobypls.com/r/rd.asp?gid=412
is focused around years of medicinal researches and permits you to tackle your hemorrhoid problem in not more than days! I really trust it helps :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago I recently bought a step by step Hemorrhoids system packed with an ebook on how to naturally and permanently eliminate all Hemorrhoids issues from the root and get rid of the bleeding and discomfort. I think you can find it useful as well. Check it out here
http://www.goobypls.com/r/rd.asp?gid=412 It works like a charm. Bye Bye 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in ? 4 years ago The most common causes of hemorrhoids are straining during bowel movements and obesity. Follow these essential hemorrhoid prevention tips and you may not even have to delve into any hemorrhoid treatments
https://tr.im/kTHzG
If you’re straining during bowel movements, there is no doubt that you are suffering from constipation, and obesity only heightens your chance of experiencing these digestive issues. The best solution for hemorrhoids is to not have them at all! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Eleanor 3 years ago 1 Source(s):
Home Remedies for Hemorrhoids
http://sparkindl.info/HemorrhoidsNaturalCure/?U9O8 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dominic Lv
5 7 years ago GO TO A DOCTOR!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions When can we stop social distancing and wearing masks and all that bullshit? 7 answers Do you like to take showers once a day or more time? 6 answers Why would anyone purposely hurt themselves? 5 answers Does dried up, years old battery acid damage your nerves and muscles if you get some on an open cut or opening in the skin of your hands? 5 answers Mouse problems ? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions In what month will the pandemic vaccine in the United States be with us to stop spikes to end the pandemic of COVID-19? Acute stomach problems for a week. What could be wrong with me? Can Neuropathy Be Reversed For A Person Even There No Cure? Why doesn't is effect me now? Will a COVID-19 vaccine in the United States ever be a 100% reality? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites