Acne on my legs ? and my arms ? HELP !? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Yoshi 19 Yoshi 19
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Skin Conditions
·
9 years ago Acne on my legs ? and my arms ? HELP !? I'm a very active person , so Idk if it has something to do with sweating possibly ? But I don't want Acne all over my legs and arms in the summer time when I go swimming .. So , I just really want to know how I can prevent it or stop it ? Thanks , so much !! PS. I also have stretch marks on my legs , on the inside of them , and Idk why they are there ? Could someone tell my why they are there and how I could get rid of them ? Thanks !! Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer Try burdock root for the acne, you can get it in health food stores, but make sure you drink lots and lots of water, that will help your body get rid of wastes in ways other than through your skin!
About the stretch marks, your skins elasticity will improve if you're getting enough fresh green vegetables. Source(s):
michellegreenman.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Martina 4 years ago 1 Source(s):
Natural Acne Cure System :
http://AcneAway.raiwi.com/?uWAu 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Braulia Lv
4 4 years ago um i cant think of any...i had lots of face acne and i took acutain and my face is cleared up :D its the best out there, talk to your parents about it :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can I be forced to wear a face mask, if I have concerns for a health issue, that will irritate my condition by wearing one? ? 4 answers I have a tick on my leg? 6 answers I have ringworm on my hands, is it bad if I keep wearing latex gloves? 7 answers What is the best treatment for hernias? 4 answers Why does my asshole itch? 21 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can I be forced to wear a face mask, if I have concerns for a health issue, that will irritate my condition by wearing one? ? Does wearing same flip flops for several months cause your feet to carry fungus, staph etc.? Tiny, itchy bump near clitoris, should I worry? Good and easy body moisturisers? What is a synonym for beastie? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites