What to expect from psychotherapy session? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Sasha Sasha
asked in
Health Mental Health
·
7 years ago What to expect from psychotherapy session? I am having my first psychotherapy session today and I don't know what to expect. I am afraid that I won't remember all the issues that I'm having and that I will leave out important details. Thanks Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer Make a list of what you want to talk about. A lot of people do that, and even if you forget, you wont be able to cover it all at the first appointment anyway, you will have other appointments where you can bring it up. There are several types of therapy, so best you can do is ask the therapist what he or she will do, what you can expect. It is good if you have a goal, what you would like life to look like when you are all done, but if you cant come up with anything right now, the therapist will help you with that. Therapy helps a lot of people and it is a good step to take, hope it all works out for you, Take care, Source(s):
Many years as a mental health professional 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How to stop feeling broken, unwanted and “invisible” to everyone.? 10 answers i think my dad saw my boobs? 16 answers Does my brother have some sort of personality 'issue'? 10 answers How can I stop feeling suicidal after my breakup? Should I go on antidepressants? 6 answers How do I move on? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Hi, I feel targeted by one of my mental health patients, what should I do? How to Deal with my mothers health problems ? How can I stop feeling suicidal after my breakup? Should I go on antidepressants? Black people or white people? Why do specific women beat a woman,send her to the hospital,then get punished for it,then send a man to threaten this woman and say ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites