H1N1 Vaccine controversy? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Timmy tom Timmy tom
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Infectious Diseases
·
1 decade ago H1N1 Vaccine controversy? How likely is it to get lougehriegs syndrom, or Multiple sclerosis from the H1N1 vaccine. theres squaelene in it which causes your body to produce antibodies which can cause MS or lougehriegs syndrom?
is it even possible??? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance ? Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Hi Taylor, Let's see if I can set things straight for you regarding this widespread controversy regarding the H1N1 vaccine. First off, just to clarify your question.....I don't believe you're asking about lougehrigs syndrome, but rather Lou Gehrig's Disease or more properly called Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis or simply ALS.....and MS, which is multiple sclerosis. Over the past month or so I have read and heard any number of wonderfully fanciful stories about the horrendous side effects and possible catastrophic diseases/conditions that can result from the H1N1 vaccine! But you know what, Taylor, not one of these stories found its origin in any professional medical journal or learned scientific journal---for some reason they all seem to originate from blogspots, controversial websites, or any number of less-than-credible or reliable academic sources!
If I thought for one moment that there was a substantial risk of acquiring Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, Multiple Sclerosis, Parkinson's Disease, a leukodystrophic disease-----or other horrible life-threatening condition as a direct result of getting the H1N1 vaccine, I most certainly would not have administered it to my family, patients, or had it administered to myself! But look, what do I know?....I've only had four years of college, four years of medical school, six years of residency, and over a dozen years of medical practice????? I hope this helps to put things into perspective for you. I wish you all the best. Source(s):
M.D.------Internal and Emergency Medicine 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Weise Ente Lv
7 1 decade ago Your body normally makes some anti-squalene antibodies.
This adjuvant has been used for over a decade with no problems. Before the crazies show up, I want to remind them adjuvants are also not used in the American vaccine. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can Smoking alcohol kill Coronavirus ? ? 27 answers Do you become immune to the coronavirus after recovering from it? 6 answers Since the 2003 SARS Virus did not have a big 2nd wave how do we know Coronavirus will? 9 answers Is the pandemic almost over? 8 answers Can I take pinworm medicine before feeing symptoms? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can I take pinworm medicine before feeing symptoms? What do you think about only being able to communicate with delivery couriers from behind closed doors these days? Did China purposely spread the virus? Are survivors of Coronavirus stigmatized in public even after they have recovered? Do you become immune to the coronavirus after recovering from it? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites