how do you make nasal congestion go away? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Sunshine Smile Sunshine Smile
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Respiratory Diseases
·
7 years ago how do you make nasal congestion go away? kk so, i've had had a lot of congestion few years back, so much that my ear got blocked and i had to see an specialist. The specialist recommended medicine, that i took.. i was getting better.. but then in the middle of the week i stopped talking them. and i am still not properly recovered its been 2 years almost. And everyday i have to pick my nose, because i always have dry stuffy shyt in my nose, and also i still have congestion in my chest, and it is very irritating. How can i fix this, i know i waited a long time .... I need some strong *** home remedies. Any ideas ? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer try nasal irrigator with saline solution. u can use nettipot, syringe-type, or electric irrigator. add some drops of grapefruit seed extract (powerful natural antimicrobial) to the saline solution. they sell saline solution packets for nasal irrigation, or u can make it urself. just mix 1/2 tsp of baking soda & 1/2 tsp of salt to 1 cup warm water. u can also take grapefruit seed extract capsules for ur chest too. they sell the extract and capsules at health/vitamin stores. u can also ask doctor for antibiotic. rest up, and hope u feel better 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post oscar m Lv
5 7 years ago cut sugar, fried food, soda pop, food from a box,package or can.
Eat raw vegetables, take vitamins, xtra 500mg vit c, eggs, dark leafy greens.
idea is cut the micro inflammation in your body and give it nutrition to get right. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Mold in my house making me sick? 5 answers Is chest pain a coronavirus symptom? 22 answers If people walk near me when I'm food shopping, but I have my mask on, does it put me at risk of catching coronavirus? 9 answers Why do I feel suffocated when wearing a face mask? Is there a mask that doesnt cover the nostrils? 9 answers If so many refuse to wear a mask even when ordered, will they be ok with the staff of my or their mother’s retirement home didn’t wear one? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Constant urge to take a deep breath? why does a4 paper smoke give me a headache and I'm fine with any other kind of smoke? Mold in my house making me sick? Feeling weak and having chills.? All are include category 1 TB treatments EXCEPT:? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites