Can you sue your yoga instructor? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Rama Rama
asked in
Health Alternative Medicine
·
10 years ago Can you sue your yoga instructor? If someone get's in trouble during a yoga/meditation class - for instance has a mental break down or throws their back out, can they sue the yoga instructor? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 10 years ago Favorite Answer Simple answer is "yes". You can sue anyone. If you can prove by a preponderance of evidence that they were in some way negligent, then you get a cash award.
Some of the advice posted here is misleading. For instance even if a person was "nuts to begin with" the instructor might still be liable if they made no attempt to ascertain whether or not there was some pre exsisting medical condition that might lead to an adverse reaction. This isn't just with meditation. If an instructor is getting you to do risky poses that aggravate some underlying condition, ie. glaucoma aggravated by inverted poses, or blood pressure aggravated by breathing exercises, then you might have a real case. Even the gyms make people got through screening now, just so some one won't stroke out on the tread mill, and then turn around and sue them. Remember that no one can waive their legal obligations by putting up a "proceed at your own" risk sign (though if it's that risky then maybe it's something that you shouldn't be doing anyway). If you're negligent and some one gets hurt then you are liable! As for proving it, if some one walks into a yoga class healthy and walks out with a limp, that's a pretty good indication. If you can provide witnesses who can testify that "we heard a scream and a loud pop right before the instructor told everyone to relax and ignore it", even better. Medical experts also will have some educated opinion about whether or not the yoga contributed to the condition - that's why we have trials. As for the cases of mental problems, I have heard about people who have break downs during meditation retreats. That's pretty straight forward too. Person walks into a retreat a normal person with a wife and a job. Over the course of the week end they begin flipping out, and some time before Monday they're in a psych ward. It's reasonable to connect the two occurrences. If the problems persist, and interfere with your life, then you should talk to a lawyer. Even if you have a pre-exsisting condition like bi polar or depression - as more and more people do these days - the instructor was obligated to take reasonable precautions - screen their students, get medical references, etc. The kind of stuff any gym might do for their clients. Besides, as I say, anyone can be sued these days! http://news.slashdot.org/story/10/10/30/1435222/Ne... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post CB Lv
7 10 years ago Um.. no.
Your mental condition is not related to yoga or your yoga teacher.
And anyone taking a physical fitness class has to be aware that improper technique or simply weakness or underlying injury in the body can be made worse.
A yoga teacher is there to teach you how to do yoga.
You have to be responsible for your own mental state and your body.
I guess if your yoga teacher was berating you or physically hurting you in some way you might have a case, but most courts would say.. if you didn't like the yoga teacher why didn't you quit the class. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tink Lv
7 10 years ago Has a mental break down in class? How would you be able to demonstrate that a yoga instructor had anything to do with it? What proof do you have that you weren't nuts to begin with? And if you signed up for the class, you had some idea what was expected - when you sign up for those it's understood that it's "at your own risk". 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago You really need to check out "The Depth Factor" meditation program, it's the best, it's been voted as the number 1 meditation program made so far. Here is their official web-site:
http://www.thedepthfactor.net It combines binaural beats and ancient meditation techniques to deliver the best meditation experience. This is perfect course for a beginner or an intermediate. Good luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in bytchcassidy 10 years ago seth doesn't sound like they're giving a 'legal' opinion. In fact you might be able to sue if you can prove that your trouble is related to the instruction,and that the instructor was negligent. In fact it should be a lot easier for you to get a pay out than it was for the following woman who was awarded 1 million! PSYCHIC SAYS CAT SCAN MISHAP CUT POWERS, GETS $1M. http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1G1-158273553.html Basically they're offering a service in the market place - so "buyer beware" only covers them so far - after that point they're fair game! 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago you're responsible for asking your doctor if its safe for you to exercise dumbass 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the proven home remedy for constipation, only those who have experienced the effect of the remedy need to answer? 9 answers Why, WHO is such vacillated regarding Hydroxychloroquine ? 5 answers  Is the World Health Organisation supporting animal research for COVID-19? 9 answers can you get placed in rehab for just smoking weed? 6 answers What is the Ayurvedic treatment of vertigo? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can I take these to aide in high blood pressure + blood sugar? (Serious responses only, please read all info)? Where can I get thc vaping carts ?!? porque cuando tomo cerveza me da muchas ganas de eructar ¿es malo esto o no? What are gallstones and which is the best treatment for gallbladder stones? ? Can I buy Kamagra when I need a cheap and effective ED solution in the UK? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites