Is it safe to take cayenne pepper capsules on empty stomach? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Diet & Fitness
·
1 decade ago Is it safe to take cayenne pepper capsules on empty stomach? I'm currently on a fast and I've done some research and it says while on a fast, taking cayenne pepper capsules will help raise metabolism, but the burn in stomach gets me worried. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance editbee Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Cayenne won't hurt your stomach. It actually helps protect the lining of the stomach. The burn's not fun sometimes, though. You can try Cool Cayenne by Solaray if you're worried about it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Janet 3 years ago Go open-faced to be able to cut calories and carbs. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Denae 4 years ago Add protein powder to special recipes (like these Rice Krispies treats) for boosting the nutrition. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Hye 4 years ago When creating cookies, bake half the batch and scoop the remaining into ice-cube trays. When the sweet tooth kicks in, pop out one and bake it to meet your craving without breaking the actual calorie bank. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 4 years ago Make healthier versions on the treats you crave. These no-bake brownies will satisfy your chocolate cravings. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Sip one of such protein smoothies that are special enough for dessert. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does being slapped across the face burn face fat? 8 answers how long do sit at the toilet at work? 7 answers Will bodybuilding help me win a fight against an average person? 7 answers Best diet to lose fat belly? 18 answers Just curious, what age Is It considered to be old? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions how can i get in better shape? Does estrogen produces Wnt-4 protein? I am about to take my zoloft is my wangster going to shrink? Should I eat apples everytime I crave a big meal? How can I gain 60 pounds in one day? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites