Someplace to call when I need distractions from thoughts tomorrow? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products icedfantasies icedfantasies
asked in
Health Mental Health
·
1 decade ago Someplace to call when I need distractions from thoughts tomorrow? Going through some terrible things in my life right now, and occasionally will have dark thoughts, or the urge to call the people I shouldn't be calling to try to defend myself (which will make it worse, because they've made their minds up about lies about me). Is there a service or something I can call to distract myself tomorrow? Friends, family, etc are all at work, and I'm left alone (leg problems prevent me from leaving my bed right now). I would rather prevent me from doing something stupid to myself, or making the situation worse by caving into their manipulation. I tried boystown national hotline, but was told to call back the next day before they even heard the problem, so I'd prefer not calling that place. Thanks. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance SC Girl 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Center for Victims of Violence and Crime 412-392-8582 24-Hour Support and Crisis Intervention, Advocacy and Counseling for Individuals, Communities, Schools and the Workplace. www.cvvc.org
WARMLINE Allegheny County Peer Support Warmline 1-866-661-9276 (WARM) Supportive listening, problem solving, resource sharing and peer support for mental health consumers or anyone else 18 and older
Not sure how old you are....but hope you get through it. I had a rough day today and my husband was NO help. long story. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Check out the website for the Canadian Mental Health Association.
They have a Distress Line that is designed for people who just want to talk about what they're going through and have someone who will listen to them and not judge.
There are a bunch of different lines that you can call, and most of them have a toll free number 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post drummer.girl777 Lv
4 1 decade ago I don't know of any places to call, but could you come here and answer and ask questions to distract yourself? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why do left handed people exist? 12 answers Am I depressed or am just emotionally weak and being dramatic? 8 answers How to stop feeling broken, unwanted and “invisible” to everyone.? 14 answers How can I stop feeling suicidal after my breakup? Should I go on antidepressants? 11 answers i think my dad saw my boobs? 19 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Go to therapy or not? How do I shake off the OCD thought that I can only count this year as a good summer if I do 2 things in it (those things I cannot do now)? Why are people so evil? What exactly is meant by "criminal versatility"? How to communicate with S/O who could be facing relapse of cancer? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites