I think my nipples are inverted? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Women's Health
·
1 decade ago I think my nipples are inverted? Well, I really think i have inverted nipples.. is it a really wierd thing??? Do guys think its really wierd or whats the deal? anyone else have them?? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance mgctouch Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Greetings Ashley! Most guys will not care at all.
Only the superficial men might have issues with them and you do not need a superficial man anyway. When you are in an erotic relationship, your partner will not have the slightest problem with inverted nipples and you both can have just as much fun as if they were not inverted.
As a matter of fact, he might make it a fun game for both of you as he tried to make them pop out. When you have children, you should be able to breastfeed if that is your choice. Don't fret over them.
Breasts with inverted nipples are just as sexy (and normal) as breasts without inverted nipples. Besides, the most important thing about a lady is not her breasts and nipples just like the most important thing about a guy is not his penis - it is the way that they respect and treat others.
If you treat others well and have a great personality, guys will love you anyway. I wish you all the best! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Ashley that is so normal a lot of people have
inverted nipples. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Thats great! show it to the crowd! 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Dave 1 decade ago guys dont care. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why do women generally have wider hips and larger breasts than men? 15 answers ladies only: hygiene question? 20 answers father in law is a major creep? 15 answers Is there a vibrator that doesn't break the hymen? 7 answers My vagina is itchy. What should I do? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does this discride asexuality or something else? Should I get vagina tightening surgery at 20 years old? Clit sore help xx? Why do people on here say estrogen doesn't increase breast size ? Why do they think that ? explain? Why do the vast majority of women claim to be bisexual or lesbian? Why is there no more pure straight women nowadays? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites