Inverted Nipples at age 15. PLEASE HELP? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products erin o erin o
asked in
Health Women's Health
·
9 years ago Inverted Nipples at age 15. PLEASE HELP? i've been noticing that my nipples dont look normal. instead of pointing out, they go in, so it looks like there is a hole in my nipple. im so self conscious about them. I'm hoping that they will correct themselves. I'm only a 34-36 B and they're still growing. Im 15 and need advice about them. please help! Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Ellie 9 years ago Favorite Answer Inverted Nipples is common and they're is nothing to worry about. Sometimes they correct themselves over time, or from pregnancy or breast feeding. Im not encouraging the method of surgery but if you are older and you are still not happy, surgery is always an option. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Shae Absent 9 years ago Ask your mom to take a look. Don't be shy. Moms are females, and will know your body, because she knows hers. ;) If you are a B cup, this is slightly irregular. It is common for A cups. (The 34-36 is your waist size) Try and get them cold. Put icecubes on them, for a second, and if they point out, this is normal. Once you grow, they will correct themselves. Stay calm, sweetpea. :) You will be fine, as long as you talk with someone who can see them. You can ask your mom to take you to see her lady doctor, and bring up the question to a medical expert. Goodluck, babe. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Don't worry! A lot of times problems like these correct themselves. But in the mean time, you can call your doctor and schedule an appointment just in case something more serious is going on. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post razorraul Lv
6 9 years ago you are still developing it is like a rose bud blooming
a rose bud is not like the rose it will be ... patience... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Dani Lv
5 9 years ago thats so strange! ive never heard of that!! 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why do women generally have wider hips and larger breasts than men? 15 answers ladies only: hygiene question? 20 answers father in law is a major creep? 15 answers Is there a vibrator that doesn't break the hymen? 7 answers My vagina is itchy. What should I do? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do the vast majority of women claim to be bisexual or lesbian? Why is there no more pure straight women nowadays? Bleeding and cramping between periods while on the implant? Normal? Does this discride asexuality or something else? Should I get vagina tightening surgery at 20 years old? Clit sore help xx? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites