insurance for alternative health and/or psychotherapy? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Alternative Medicine
·
1 decade ago insurance for alternative health and/or psychotherapy? are there any insurance plans in canada that cover alternative health like acupuncture, colon therapy, etc etc?? what about counselling and psychotherapy? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance oldtimekid2 Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Unfortunately, not enough insurance companies cover alternative options. There are more that are accepting Chiropractic and counseling because those do have proven and verifiable outcomes, but it depends on the insurance company. I am unfortunately not in Canada, so I can't personally recommend one, but I can recommend that you call your bigger local insurance companies (like the top 3 or 4 that you see ads for, for example) and ask if they cover Acupuncture (which most don't, unfortunately), alternative treatments, psychotherapy, or counseling (I would ask each of those as separate questions so there is no confusion, though). Good luck and I hope I helped! Source(s):
Personal experience with my insurance and looking into other insurance options 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Judy B Lv
7 1 decade ago Plans will cover whatever you want, the insurance premium will increase as more services are covered. Employer paid plans will cover whatever services the employer is willing to pay for, based on negotiations with the employees as to what proportion of their salary they want as cash or as benefits. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post tawnybaby29 1 decade ago I don't think that insurance covers alternative health options 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago For obvious reasons, insurance usually only covers treatments that work. Sorry. 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the proven home remedy for constipation, only those who have experienced the effect of the remedy need to answer? 9 answers Why, WHO is such vacillated regarding Hydroxychloroquine ? 5 answers  Is the World Health Organisation supporting animal research for COVID-19? 9 answers can you get placed in rehab for just smoking weed? 6 answers What is the Ayurvedic treatment of vertigo? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Where can I get thc vaping carts ?!? Has CBD ever given you nightmares? Alternative medicine users; What do you use the treat a bladder infection at home? porque cuando tomo cerveza me da muchas ganas de eructar ¿es malo esto o no? What is H-Pylori and What is the Ayurvedic treatment to kill H-Pylori? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites