what exactly is arthritis? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products rita f rita f
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Other - Diseases
·
1 decade ago what exactly is arthritis? I do take medications for arthritis but I'm not sure really what it is.The pain is in the hips,hands,legs. I have had a bone dencity test taken and I'm fine.I just want to know what arthritis is. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance ♥
Blondie
♥ Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Arthritis (from Greek arthro-, joint + -itis, inflammation; plural: arthritides) is a group of conditions involving damage to the joints of the body. There are over 100 different forms of arthritis[1]. The most common form, osteoarthritis (degenerative joint disease) is a result of trauma to the joint, infection of the joint, or age. Other arthritis forms are rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and autoimmune diseases in which the body attacks itself. Septic arthritis is caused by joint infection. The major complain by individuals who have arthritis is pain. Pain is often a constant and daily feature of the disease. The pain may be localized to the back, neck, hip, knee or feet. The pain from arthritis occurs due to inflammation that occurs around the joint, damage to the joint from disease, daily wear and tear of joint, muscles strains caused by forceful movements against stiff, painful joints and fatigue. The most important factor in treatment is to understand the disorder and find ways to overcome the obstacles which prevent physical exercise. I have had it in my fingers for many years.. and the winters are very bad for me.. makes them ache more.. get on meds asap.. don't wait.. good luck.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Imagine for a moment your arthritis completely vanishing right now. If, in a moment, your pain and stiffness melted away. And your joints all of a sudden functioned like a well-oiled machine. Like a magic wand was waived, you'd be able to jump up from your chair and run around the room like a kid. And imagine that you'd never have to suffer as much as a pinch of arthritis stiffness or pain ever again. I know this sounds impossible right now, but bear with me, because sometimes miracles happen. It was a gift from a woman on the other side of the world. From the kindness of her heart, she took pity on my suffering and taught me how to completely reverse my arthritis. Today, I want to do the same for you! Source(s):
https://bitly.im/aM1RG 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post James 1 decade ago Arthritis is a degenerative bone disease. It sucks, I've had it since I was two years old.
It's caused by lots of things, there are around a hundred different types, the most common (I think) is Osteoarthritis, but there are things like juvenile and rheumatoid. Equally as annoying/painful, juvenile is handy because it calms down as your body matures.
Your joints start to wear down, and it causes inflammation, and through the inflammation, pain, and stiff joints. Good luck, hope you don't need anywhere near as many operations as I've had :P. You can deal with most forms with drugs, I just had an extreme form. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Joel's Beanie 1 decade ago There are various forms of Arthritis, although all forms are influenced by damage to the joints. Arthritis is sometimes an infection of the joints. People diagnosed with this condition usually experience some sort of pain in the area of their body which the joints have been damaged. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in cat t 1 decade ago It is an autoimmune diseases that affects your joints. Causes pain in your joints and can lead to deformity in your hands, fingers, feet etc. It is best to get inflammatory medication as soon as possible to prevent disease from progressing. Source(s):
Have been living with RA for 6 years. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Edge Vanhite 1 decade ago it is just pain in bones and ligaments. Fatal arthritis may lead to total paralysis. Well.. hope that you will get well soon ^_^ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I am having lots of frequent small bowel movements with mucus and small blood spots. What does that mean? 4 answers Is Assburger's Disease the same thing as AIDS? 6 answers My kid ate alcoholic sorbet, WHAT DO I DO? 7 answers Besides alcohol what else can cause liver inflammation in a liver function blood test if its not alcohol? 4 answers Is Coronavirus Going to Kill the World? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions what can be done for a fatty/enlarged liver? Can someone please answer these fetal pig diagram questions? What has happened to all the cases of the Flu I use to see every year .., where people would get so sick by it, contagious,? Does ultraviolet kill the coronavirus? Cos I bought a ultraviolet machine and plan to use it to sterilize my masks...? I am having lots of frequent small bowel movements with mucus and small blood spots. What does that mean? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites