Can arthritis make bones/muscles extremely sensitive to touch? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products thewordsicantsay Lv
5 thewordsicantsay
asked in
Health General Health Care Pain & Pain Management
·
8 years ago Can arthritis make bones/muscles extremely sensitive to touch? I am only 23 but I have degenerative arthritis. In addition to that I have been struggling with achilles tendonitis for years. My right foot/ankle has hurt for years, but this past week I have started having a new pain. It is in the outside of my right foot/ankle where a little like ball of a bone is (sorry if that doesn't make sense). It is EXTREMELY sensitive to touch. It really hurts to put a shoe on it, and if I even lightly touch my foot there it hurts like crazy! It is also much more painful to walk now than it usually is for me.
I would suspect a fracture or something except that I did not do anything to it (no falls or anything) and it is not bruised. It is slightly swollen, but that is not unusual for my foot. Can arthritis make it super sensitive? Update : Yes I think that it is the malleolus Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Rick Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer Yes, arthritis can cause the sensitivity you describe.
If you're not referring to the malleolus on each side of the foot (the ball-like bone) but to a separate nodule, it could be a ganglion cyst. Foot diagram showing malleolus:
http://images.search.yahoo.com/images/view;_ylt=A2... Ganglion cyst:
http://images.search.yahoo.com/search/images;_ylt=... Edit:
Notice in the image how close the malleolus is to the ankle joint?
That's why it could be the arthritis by itself or in conjunction with the tendonitis causing you the grief.
Best to consult with your medical professional about your newest symptom(s) if they become unbearable.
Good Luck and Best Wishes to you. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago 1 Source(s):
Neuropathy Treatment
http://renditl.info/NeuropathySolutionProgram 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Chandra Lv
4 4 years ago Your Sensitivity Score: 85% You are an extremely sensitive person. You notice everything. You've probably been called overly sensitive before, and it's partially true. Highly sensitive people tend to be highly intelligent. And you just can't turn off that part of you. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post linnea 4 years ago Neuropathy is really a painful infection but with the guide of Dr. Randall Labrum, Neuropathy Solution, a book that you will find here
https://tr.im/eRzHS
you can eliminate thermosetting pain that condition cause it. If you follow all the procedure options shown in Neuropathy Solution guide properly your head can launch hormones, or “happy chemicals”, and these will help you counteract pain and reduce stress. The Neuropathy Solution does not need an excessive amount of theory, just useful guidance as possible put to work immediately. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Claudia Lv
4 8 years ago I don't think arthritis would cause that as arthritis only affects the joints an not bones or muscles in general. I have had arthritis since I was 2 and I have never experienced this nor have any of my friends with arthritis. you should probably see a doctor if its that bad but its probably not from your arthritis. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Hello to our Northern Neighbor, The stuff below is just what you need.
Get it ! You need a Sports Pain Relief cream= and there are lots of them. The one with the best combination of ingredients is BenGay Ultra. Walmart has their own 'equate' brand next to the BGU for half price. The Walmart one is $3.89== good stuff, worked on my wrist. It works on burns, scrapes, itches, rashes, aches and sprains- quick too. If you have a Dollar Tree look at their medical section. They have a jar with menthol in
it
should work. Some stores have a roll-on called Menthol and it has the same stuff as BGU. Really easy to apply. It is like the IcyHot roll-on for $5 less. Walgreens and CVS have their own brands of similiar stuff, rollons, tubes
and jars. Gud Luk,..( up there)....P Source(s):
Get a tube type and a RollOn.
Both have their place. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why does urinating make a headache worse? 4 answers Am I delusional or does my back not seem normal? Looks crooked and might be too outwardly curved to me. What do you think? 12 answers Codeine affects - is this normal? ? 5 answers Did I have a heart attack? 6 answers I took a hard fall and my neck snapped to the side and now the left side feels numb. Should I be worried? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Have you ever had Osgood Schlatter's? Head pressure and brain fog? Throat pain..? how to get rid of nausea and constipation? Elbow issues ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites