How often is chemotherapy administered.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Cancer
·
1 decade ago How often is chemotherapy administered.? I've just learned that a very good friend of mine has colorectal cancer, and the cancer is also in her liver. She's had this since late December/early January. She had her first treatment with chemo over a week ago, and another one on Wednesday. She has lost a lot of weight, mainly because she's extremely nauseated, and she's very jaundiced as well. When I asked her sister what the prognosis was, she said "it's not good", which means I very likely will lose my friend. I know chemo can and usually does make one feel very sick and tired., but I don't know how often this treatment is administered. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Danielle D Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The problems that your friend is having is likely a result of her disease and not her treatment. The fact that the cancer has spread to her liver would be the cause for her jaundice, and if she's jaundiced - treatment or no treatment - things aren't good. Her liver is failing, and there's little chance that the chemotherapy is going to make enough of a difference in this situation. Typically the first line treatment for colon cancer is FolFox or FolFiri. Both of these chemo regimens are administered once every 14 days. They can cause nausea, but it's not typical for a patient to be so nauseous that they are losing the kind of weight you are describing. That being said, whether the problem is the chemo or her disease, her doctor should be trying to treat the symptom. There are numerous anti-emetic (anti-nausea) meds on the market. The trick is finding which one or which combination works best for the patient. I hope this helps answer your questions. Source(s):
I'm a medical oncology nurse. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It really does depend on where the cancer is and how aggressive it is. My boyfriends mother has had breast cancer twice and even though she had both breasts removed it spread to her bones. I've been with my bf for almost 4 years now and she's been going to chemo the whole time. She goes once a week, every monday. The only weeks she doesn't have it is if her white cell count is too low, over the holidays or a few weeks before or after any surgery she's had. She's now at stage 4. She said she's adapted and the symptoms have gone down after about 6-7 months of weekly chemo. She still has days where she suffers during and a few days after her chemo. She tries to drink stuff like boost when she isn't hungry or doesn't want to eat cause of the pain or nausea. Cancer is a horrible thing, i lost my father to it in 2005.
It wasn't "looking too good" for my bf's Mum either, but she's doing so much better and for so much longer than any of the
doctors expected. I hope that your friend starts to feel better soon and that it goes into remission.
You and your friend will be in my thoughts,
Ashley 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Could this be skin cancer ? 5 answers Can stray dogs carry certain types of cancer? 7 answers If I have a lower back x ray done would it show symptoms of prostate cancer? 4 answers I felt 2 large lumps on my chest, is it cancer? 5 answers Why does my doctor think this is nothing serious? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I felt 2 large lumps on my chest, is it cancer? Can phones cause cancer? My mom just completed radiation for DCIS in Jan and her mammogram today showed a new shadow. Should we be worried? Relapse in cancer, does it happen a lot? Asking for a friend.? how much exposure to the sun everyday cause cancer? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites