Male inverted nipples? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Cancer
·
7 years ago Male inverted nipples? I am 18 years of age and I am in good shape but i have a
bit of body fat also I am starting to go to the gym all most every day. I feel embarrassed going shirtless in public because of my inverted nipples.
What can I do to get my nipples out to normal with out getting surgery and getting in pain.
Any suggestions please leave answers. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance georgetslc Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer The article at
http://breastcancer.answers.com/treatment/cause-of...
says that something called a "niplette" can apply "gentle suction" to pull out minimally inverted nipples. My Net search suggests that these are designed to help nursing women and cost quite a bit. For a lot cheaper you can get one of a variety of snake-bite kits, used by a number of gay guys to apply significant suction to their normal nipples in order to increase their length. You might talk to your local erotic shop and/or search on line. To read up on this, you can do a Net search on nipples snake bite kit 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tarkarri Lv
7 7 years ago About 10% of the population has inverted nipples. It is not a medical condition and does not need to be "corrected".
A bit like having attached or detached ear lobes. If it upsets you, then you can have cosmetic surgery. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago its normal dude. whats wrong with dat? guys doent need nipples! your mom is kinda weird. some people have inverted nipples. even sum other girls have inverted nipples.. it is believed in a certain province in philippines dat if ur nipple is inverted, your sibling, born next to you, would possibly be a girl.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Could this be skin cancer ? 5 answers Can stray dogs carry certain types of cancer? 7 answers If I have a lower back x ray done would it show symptoms of prostate cancer? 4 answers I felt 2 large lumps on my chest, is it cancer? 5 answers Why does my doctor think this is nothing serious? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can phones cause cancer? What is Brain Tumour? Could this be skin cancer ? I felt 2 large lumps on my chest, is it cancer? If I have a lower back x ray done would it show symptoms of prostate cancer? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites