Does psychotherapy really work, or is it just a lot of nonsense? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Kimberly Sue Kimberly Sue
asked in
Health Mental Health
·
9 years ago Does psychotherapy really work, or is it just a lot of nonsense? I have suffered from depression and anxiety my entire life.
My self esteem and self worth are at an all-time low, and I feel absolutely miserable and suicidal.
My boyfriend has been through therapy and he says it did him worlds of good.
I've tried therapy a couple of times, years ago, and it didn't do much for me at all.
I realize that something has to be done, or I will end up shooting myself, but I'm so cynical about therapists.
It's their job to tell people "No, you don't suck, you're not a failure....." and so on.
How can I really believe that?
How can I start feeling like I don't suck, and have to worry that people are laughing at me behind my back because I am confident in myself, that I'm just deluding myself?
Sorry if this is confusing :( Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer Believe me, it works.
There are many different kinds of therapy (as in psychological) and they all CAN help. The only reason that they sometimes don't help much is because the person being helped doesn't really want help. If the person really does want help and is trying to get better, but alas the psychotherapy is still not working, it may be time to find a new therapist.
Some psychotherapists aren't the best at their job, but give them all credit for trying! Think of their motif. They want to get out there and help as many people as they can. Sometimes the therapists don't fully grasp the situation--- unless you tell them the truth about everything. It may be hard at first, but please believe me it will be worth it in the end.
You say that you think people will start laughing at you behind your back because you start to become confident. That could happen . . . but it doesn't mean it will.
I'd like to tell you something. A few years ago, my life was a complete disaster. I mean, literally. Although I kept away from substance abuse, (alcohol, drugs, etc) but I was an abuser. To myself. I hated myself so much, that I used a knife to hurt myself. I thought that it maybe would be enough punishment for the embarrassment I was to myself or what I did wrong. Sadly, that was a bad choice and I had to have years of therapy to get through those problems. In that time, I also tried to kill myself. Please, listen closely here: That was a very bad decision. I did not even have to go to the hospital . . . but I will have to live with that feeling I had as I told myself "I am about to kill myself". It's an extremely sad feeling, let me tell you. I won't go into the story of my life, but I will tell you the truth, just believe it:
Everything gets better!!!!!!
I'm not just saying that because I don't want you to kill yourself or anything, I'm telling you this because you need to hear the truth. These feelings and worries you have WILL go away. I promise. You just have to wait it out, which can be hard and miserable. But I tell you, in a few years you will look back on this and be SO glad that you are still alive. Time can be horrible to us, so just start with making it through each day. Find something to look forward to each week, maybe something small like a class you look forward to or something. The days will start going by faster. (after you look back on them), then the weeks, then months, and so on. Then, some time later, you will find yourself looking back on all this, and you will say to yourself "Hey, what happened? I'm okay?!?! I'm still alive? And I'm glad?"
Believing that people will laugh behind your back is a common fear. I have an anxiety disorder and I had an obsession that everyone, including my best friend, hated me behind my back. I had many panic attacks because of it. But once I started getting better, that fear dissipated WITH the depression! Wanna know something? People laugh about everyone behind their back. Even the popular kids. It's just something that mosft of us don't like, but have to live with. I know people laugh behind my back. At first I start to worry again, but when I get home, I remind myself "I've got friends. I'm not alone like I used to be. Just because people laugh behind my back doesn't mean no one likes me."
Once you start believing what you tell yourself, life will become so much better. Your depression will begin to go away, and you will be able to feel happy again.
So, I apologize for my very long answer about a simple question, but I wanted to say more than "Yep." Anyway, regarding your question, the answer is yes. Psychotherapy works, you just have to find the right therapist. And believe in yourself.
Good luck! And remember to remind yourself that there ARE people who really like you. Not everyone laughs behind your back. Go through therapy, and get better! I hope you look back on this time and be glad that you're alive :) Source(s):
experience. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Life'sABeach Lv
7 9 years ago Therapy literally saved me and my marriage.
I have major depressive disorder and had a lot of pent up anger from things that had happened to me in childhood and was taking it out on my husband.
I spent a year in therapy dealing with those things and learning new ways to communicate how I was feeling.
Therapy isn't for everyone and it also isn't a quick or easy fix.
If you're truly willing to put the work into it, it can help.
Good luck! 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post woollysheep Lv
6 9 years ago I saw a number of therapists who were all worse than useless.
However, I was so desperate, I tried again and struck gold.
My therapist has literally turned my life around. So it really is worth trying.
And if you don't like the therapist, leave and don't go back! 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How to stop feeling broken, unwanted and “invisible” to everyone.? 10 answers i think my dad saw my boobs? 16 answers Does my brother have some sort of personality 'issue'? 10 answers How can I stop feeling suicidal after my breakup? Should I go on antidepressants? 6 answers How do I move on? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Black people or white people? How can I stop feeling suicidal after my breakup? Should I go on antidepressants? How to Deal with my mothers health problems ? I’m not sure what is happening to me? Mental health advice? ? Finding it hard to cope lately? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites