Is there a permanent solution for Water Contamination? and What are some preventions for Water Contamination? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products M.K M.K
asked in
Health Diseases & Conditions Infectious Diseases
·
1 decade ago Is there a permanent solution for Water Contamination? and What are some preventions for Water Contamination? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer http://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/terrorism-and-o... Chemicals, heavy metals like lead and mercury, and living organisms such as bacteria and viruses can all be threats to a safe water supply. These substances can also contaminate food. Unintentional contamination of water as a result of chemical leaks or spills, natural disasters, and other causes has been a much bigger problem than deliberate contamination. Likewise, accidental food contamination by botulinum toxin (the agent that causes botulism), E. coli, and other harmful organisms during the storage or preparation of food is much more likely than intentional food poisoning. Intentional poisoning of food and water has occurred, however. The use of food and water to expose people to biological or chemical weapons is also possible. Terrorists could release living organisms such as the bacteria that cause tularemia or botulism into the water or food supply. Hazardous chemicals could be deliberately released in liquid or solid form. Radioactive materials could be released into the water. What you can do With the exception of a known accident (such as a chemical spill into the water supply) or an announced terrorist or criminal incident, you probably would not know that you had consumed contaminated water or food unless you developed symptoms. To reduce your risk of consuming contaminated food or water and to be better prepared for public health emergencies affecting the water supply: ~Don't eat food or drink water or any other beverage that looks or smells suspicious. In general, it is not a good idea to eat or drink something when you don't know who has prepared or provided it or where it has come from.
~When shopping, avoid food or beverage items that look like they may have been tampered with-for instance, if the seal is broken or you think that the container or packaging has been opened.
~Remember that most cases of food poisoning, including botulism, happen by accident. Follow guidelines for preparing and cooking food safely, keeping your kitchen clean, and washing your hands and utensils. If you preserve and can foods at home, learn and follow proper canning and freezing techniques to ensure safety. Discard cans or jars with bulging lids or leaks.
~Know generally where your household’s water comes from. Is it from the city water supply? Most public water supplies are carefully monitored and treated to guard against contamination. Does a private well supply your water? Private water supplies are unlikely to be targets of intentional contamination, but they can become contaminated accidentally and may not be as closely monitored as city water supplies.
~Consider storing emergency water and food supplies.
~Learn how to purify water, and make sure that you include the supplies it requires in your emergency kit. Knowing how to purify water is useful in any situation where you have to rely on untreated water.
If there is an emergency affecting the water supply: ~Follow all instructions from local authorities about purifying your water (commonly called "boil orders") or using other water sources until authorities notify your community that it is safe to drink from the regular water supply again.
~Do not strictly ration emergency drinking water supplies. Try not to waste any water, but drink what you need. On average, a person needs about 2 qt of water per day. Individual water needs vary depending on age, health, diet, and climate. Learn the signs of dehydration in children and adults so that you know what to watch for.
~Use the safest water you have first before turning to other water sources.
~If you know or suspect that your skin has come in direct contact with water that has been contaminated by a hazardous chemical or radiation fallout, follow the steps for personal decontamination to get the substance off your body as completely and quickly as possible.
That is all the information that I have found, if you need any more info, just google it. Source(s):
http://www.webmd.com/ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago With every day pass, our country is getting into more and more trouble. The inflation, unemployment and falling value of dollar are the main concern for our Government but authorities are just sleeping, they don’t want to face the fact. Media is also involve in it, they are force to stop showing the real economic situation to the people. I start getting more concern about my future as well as my family after watching the response of our Government for the people that affected by hurricane Katrina.
According to recent studies made by World Bank, the coming crisis will be far worse than initially predicted. So if you're already preparing for the crisis (or haven't started yet) make sure you watch this video at
http://www.familysurvival.tv
and discover the 4 BIG issues you'll have to deal with when the crisis hits, and how to solve them fast (before the disaster strikes your town!) without spending $1,000s on overrated items and useless survival books. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Depends on what its contaminated by, it could be millions of different molecules or organisms. But in general reverse osmosis would be your best best in terms of cost vs benefit 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you become immune to the coronavirus after recovering from it? 14 answers Need advice on stepping on a rusty screw? 7 answers Can Smoking alcohol kill Coronavirus ? ? 32 answers Does cocaine cure you of the coronavirus? 8 answers The vaccine is coming how many more months of the COVID-19 pandemic will this last? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Unexplained fevers for over 2 weeks? Which is worse Corona virus or the flu? If someone has had the coronavirus and has been tested positively for Coronavirus antibodies can they give me the coronavirus ? Question about viral infections? Rise in coronavirus infections, what should it be done? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites