Do you think the girls name -Patricia, could make a come back in todays "trendy society"? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Baby Names
·
9 years ago Do you think the girls name -Patricia, could make a come back in todays "trendy society"? I really love the name Patricia, I just think its so beautiful and classy and mysterious...but unfornuately most people nowadays(under the age of 30) think it's dated and old ladyish =( But my question is do you think it could make a comeback? or become more accepted in any future days? thanks Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance ρяєтту♥ğяєєи♥єуєš Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer Old-fashioned names are making a huge comeback recently so I don't see why not.
Patricia won't seem outdated amongst all the Viviennes, Adas and Eleanors in her class! I'm thinking about using Patricia as a middle name, in honour of my grandmother.
I honestly don't think it's that bad.
I wouldn't use it if I did. Hope I helped ;) xx 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Amaretta Lv
7 9 years ago I think Patricia will make a comeback, but probably not for another 20 years or so.
There are two things working in its favor right now:
1) Patty sounds a lot like Maddie and Addie, both popular nicknames right now (and similar-sounding names tend to run in generations); and 2) there are a lot of young men named Patrick right now.
If they want to name a child after themselves and have only daughters, then Patricia is the logical choice. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Maeve Jane Lv
4 9 years ago I personally love the name Patricia. I find it to be a beautiful name. I think that old-fasionade names are starting to becaonme fashinanable. It is true that Patricia is generally know to be a more "old" name, and not mayn kdis these days are named it. I recently met a litttle four-year olod with the name Patrice and have since then become fond of it, Patricia is even nicer. I love "a" on the end of girls names. I think that if you give the name a chance, it will become more popular. If you name your child that you could also have her have a nickname like Patty, which is cute, and not too grownup! Hope I helped, and good luck! x -Meave 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Flora Post Lv
7 9 years ago I do. I know of one twenty something Patricia who was named after her grandmother and I recently heard a young girl named Patricia. I love the name Patricia too, the only problem is that people invariably shorten it to Patty or Pat which is not attractive. I have a friend named Patricia, but her parents only used Patty and she says it was a lifetime of being called poo poo patty, cow patty, peppermint patty, hamburger patty, ect. So if you use it either shorten it to Trish or Tricia, or better yet don't even shorten such a gorgeous name. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in guice Lv
4 4 years ago I hate it whilst human beings use the "anyone became named Thomas and Catherine that's time for exchange" fact. those days, anyone is named Madison and Mackenzie. There are infrequently any Thomas' and Catherine's left. All we are doing is switching from Jane, Catherine, and Elizabeth to Kennedy, wintry climate, and Kayleigh. Slowly over the years, we've lost our experience. we you will desire to be so "distinctive" and "unique" that we circulate overboard. human beings now are using masculine names on females, nouns as names, and spelling classic names "unikleigh" so our youngsters will stand out. instead of attempting to discover livable names for our youngsters, we could like our youngster's names to make a fact. What we finally end up with is a kindergarten classification crammed with Blade's, Ambreleigh's, and Princess Reighn Bow alluring's. this is our concern. a infant isn't a fashion fact. a infant is a living person who will, with a bit of luck, advance as much as be a in charge grownup sometime and make grownup judgements and stay in an grownup international. So why are we naming our youngsters Cupcake and Pilot Inspektor? i do no longer understand the coolest judgment of folk and that i never will. I basically quite wish that watching for mom and dad will heavily think of on the subject of the call they provide their and not in basic terms % to infant to stand out. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Chlo ₓ Lv
6 9 years ago I don't really like the name but I think that it would become more acceptable to use in time as old fashioned names are making a comeback e.g. Evelyn, Audrey, Adelaide, Grace, Eleanor, Madeleine, Eva, Lillian etc. I adore old fashioned names :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Luna Lv
7 9 years ago I think the name Patricia could actually come back because of the trendy sound it has.The "Tricia" at the end of it makes it sound trendy.It does sound a little bit old but not too much.I hope I helped :) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post zebras. Lv
7 9 years ago personally, i'm not a fan. i think at the moment people are into names with "aid" "ayd" "en" "lyn" ect. like Hayden, Jaiden, Aiden, Madelyn.
But i think when those go out of style, it's quite possible it might come back. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post SamanthaღAda and Ceilidh Lv
5 9 years ago Honestly, I don't want this name to make a come back. I hate "trend" and I'd rather this name stay elegant,unique and beautiful rather than overrated and overused. personally. Sincerely your cousin, Sammi 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of the name Margarine for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Kristie for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Stephanie for a girl? 19 answers What do you think of the name Alena for a girl? 7 answers Opinions on Autumn and Aurora for twin girls? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do you think of the name name Vicky for a girl? Brother for Jaicob Hunter? Who do you think of when you hear the name Caroline? What do you think of the name Carlitos for a boy? Question about name "Jill"? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites