Is there a job in canada,
any job fast food etc..
that will hire a teenager at the age of 14 - 15? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products hear taylerr roar! hear taylerr roar!
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Teen & Preteen
·
1 decade ago Is there a job in canada,
any job fast food etc..
that will hire a teenager at the age of 14 - 15? if so, send me a site or something,or just tell me the company name PREF. In ontario.. specifically speaking.. brantford. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Tim Hortons has hired young people in that age range. Pretty much anywhere CAN hire you they just need to have parental concent and follow regulation on how many hours a day you are capable of working, regardless on if you want more hours. The hours worked takes into consideration how many hours in school you spend, how many hours should be alloted to study, and
personal time and rest. They can also not put you in a risky job (construction for example) I personally would not want my teen in that age group working more than 4 hours a day for 3 days a weekday. I got my first job at 15 and I worked at a hotel doing nights (4-12) every single weeknight, week ends off. This was ok with my parents as long as grades stayed up and if I was happy. For me, it worked. I enjoyed it and my grades actually imporved because I had 8 hours of nothing better to do then my homework and reception at the hotel. Once guest were checked in there really was nothing left to my job except the audit at midnight. If it was any other type of job, the typical highschoolers such as take out, I would not have been able to maintain those hours. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago http://www.groovejob.com/browse/jobs/in/ON/CAN%20-... That should help you! Otherwise just go and ask in the places you wouldn't mind working at. Have a CV prepared and be polite. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of young teens who get new cars? 7 answers As a parent, how would you react if you walked in on your 17 yr old son receiving oral sex from his girlfriend? 14 answers What would you do if you found out your 15 year old son was having protected, consensual sex with girls his age. Would you be upset? 9 answers Is the media honest about COVID19!? 5 answers What’s a good nickname for Rebecca other than Becky or Becca? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do people think I don't know they are talking trash? What do you think of young teens who get new cars? Is the media honest about COVID19!? As a parent, how would you react if you walked in on your 17 yr old son receiving oral sex from his girlfriend? Going to water park tomorrow and I’m extremely nervous because I’m chubby and have huge man boobs. ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites