creamy or egg white cm.help.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? ?
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Trying to Conceive
·
10 years ago creamy or egg white cm.help.? i know i ask alot of questions! haha but awailgo me and my bf , were doing the dirty , and he pulled out of me for a minute so we can switch positions(sorry tmi! ) , and there was like Thick cm , it was on his penis too (tmi again sorry) me and him were both really wondering what it was ,
it was like coming out of me ,almost like clomps ,
i dont know weather to call is eggwhite , or creamy , ! what is this :S Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance ? 10 years ago Favorite Answer It really depends, because there are a few possibilities, and it could be any one or all of them.
Most commonly, that'd just be a woman's usual vaginal discharges.
At nearly any given time, we have vaginal discharges and cervical mucus which are part of our monthly fertility cycle, and also the way the vagina cleans itself. Discharges during phases of the fertility cycle vary, based on the phase that we're in. During one part, they may be thicker, creamier and white, while during others, that mucus is thinner, more clear and more fluid. because the vagina is a self-cleaning organ -- neat, huh? -- we also have discharges which keep everything in balance so that we don't wind up with an infection.
Too, when women become sexually aroused, the vagina often self-lubricates. That fluids tends to be thin and watery, but it also gets mixed with whatever our discharge at a given time is. So, if for instance, you were in the phase of your cycle where your discharge was whiter or creamier, when that got mixed with your self-lubrication, it can appear as a more fluid, whitish discharge.
None of those fluids should smell bad. They have a scent, sure, just like male ejaculate has a scent or sweat has a scent, and that scent can be a little musty, as body fluids tend to be, but not bad.
On the other hand, some vaginal or sexually transmitted infections can also create different discharges which really can smell pretty funky. The discharge due to a yeast infection -- which tends to be white and thick, but also a bit curdly -- for instance, will often smell like yeasty, baking bread. Discharge from a bacterial infection -- which is also whitish and runny, but sometimes is a bit more grey -- tends to smell fishy or metallic. Discharge from certain STIs can also smell different than your normal discharges. So, if you're not up-to-date with your yearly (or more often) pelvic/GYN exams, pap smears and STI tests, you always want to get current with those, even if your discharges look otherwise normal. If you do find, for yourself, that your vaginal discharge starts to smell or look very different than what you're used to, it's always smart to check in with your sexual healthcare provider, even if you HAVE recently had an exam and STI testing.
More possibilities are obviously semen running out of your vagina, if your partner was not wearing a condom, or lubricant mixed in with your vaginal discharges. As well, some women do ejaculate, but that fluid tends to be very clear and very thin, not whitish. Source(s):
This is the answer i found on
http://wiki.answers.com/Q/What_is_the_thick_creamy...
I did not change the answer. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why am i not getting pregnant ? 5 answers I feel guilty getting pregnant my sister has been struggling ? 9 answers How to increase my chances of getting pregnant? ? 4 answers Is it true that a female's body need to be healthier to conceive a boy, compared to conceiving a girl? 5 answers Girlfriend reacted in a weird way... did I do the right thing? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Faint line? We are trying to conceive our last baby to complete our family! ? Why am i not getting pregnant ? What should I do?? ? Is it safe to conceive child after 45?  ? Trying to conceive with no luck? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites