What do you think of the name Patricia? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Baby Names
·
9 years ago What do you think of the name Patricia? I never used to like it. But today I met a really beautiful young woman with name Patricia and she was very nice and outgoing, and I am starting to feel different towards the name.
In the past the only Patricia's I've ever met have been very stuck up and snooty. what do you think of the name Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance >jem< Lv
6 9 years ago Favorite Answer To be honest, I can see how it can be a really pretty name - but for some reason, I've always hated it. It'd not even the Patricia's I've met but the fact that a lot of them are Patty or Tricia for short, nicknames I really, really dislike! The only way I can see Patricia being cute is if she's called Patricia all the time or Patsy as a nickname. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ugniAmCoREyxx 9 years ago Not my favorite but not bad. Patricia is shortened to patty. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post longview_ts 9 years ago Maybe a little big grown up, i like paloma 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post sweetie Lv
4 9 years ago i agree with some of the previous people it's kinda old. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 9 years ago I. myself, think it's rather old fashioned. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of the name Margarine for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Kristie for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Stephanie for a girl? 19 answers What do you think of the name Alena for a girl? 7 answers Opinions on Autumn and Aurora for twin girls? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who do you think of when you hear the name Caroline? What do you think of the name name Vicky for a girl? What do you think of the name Carlitos for a boy? Which names go better together? Alex, Liam, Brandon or Alex, Liam & Jonah? Brother for Jaicob Hunter? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites