Tandem or side by side double stroller? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? ?
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Other - Pregnancy & Parenting
·
7 years ago Tandem or side by side double stroller? I'm a nanny for one family right now and they have a 4 year old girl and a 1 and a half year old boy. I currently have a single Graco stroller for the boy for when we go for walks and stuff. In the fall I will be adding my niece who will be 16 months then to my job and I'll need a double stroller for the two little ones. I have a side-by-side stroller in mind (the Britax B-Agile Double) but I'm just wondering if a side-by-side stroller would be too much? Do they fit through doorways? I'm not worried about space because I will be driving a minivan! Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer I prefer side by side double strollers! My reasoning might sound dumb but this is why... When you have a tandem stroller and you children grow one gets a better view of the world then the other. I also like them because then your children can face each other. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post koslosky 4 years ago Tandem the entire manner. They both are particularly a agony. The part by way of part just isn't only a agony in doorways but also in stores looking to get around the garb racks and persons. The tandem just feels really long and it may be hard to turn. I personally took the transfer from a tandem to a sit down and stand. So worth the cash in the event you inquire from me. It comes with the attachment you have got to put your little one seat on the entrance and your 1 year ancient can face you in the back and it has a seat belt or he can stand. My kids love the standing choice they feel it's enjoyable.The one i've is the Joovy company it used to be $ 119 at toddlers r us but keep around I suppose you'll find them more cost-effective now. Good luck with wichever option you're making. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions recommend hour pay for babysitting during covid for 2 kids? ? 4 answers Does egg come from surrogate mother? 7 answers How many babies would you like to have? 10 answers How to get rid of baby's father rights? 8 answers I want to keep my baby? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do you call your grandchild that is also your child? Would you send your kid to a group home if they did this assaulted a student on the play ground autistic bipolar adhd child? recommend hour pay for babysitting during covid for 2 kids? ? Is it wrong to REALLY want a relationship with a daughter/son? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites