do u like the name Adrienne for a girl? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Baby Names
·
10 years ago do u like the name Adrienne for a girl? Update : Adrian is my guy friends name but i like it for a girl -.- Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance SecretSymphony Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer It's one of the few unisex type names that actually works for both sexes.
Usually, unisex names are just boyish and awful for girls but Adrienne/Adrianne, is actually a nice name for a female.
I like it and I also like Adrian for a boy.
Both are nice. Source(s):
.. 0 0 7 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago I think it fits better on a girl than Adrian does on a guy. My name is Adrian, and all my life people have asked me why I have a girl's name. I don't, but I do get tired of hearing it. But I used to work with an Adrienne, and the name suited her perfectly. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post ѕαѕнα Lv
7 10 years ago When you say her name, I will always think it's a boy and spelled Adrian. Now, if you spelled her name.. I'd think it were a girl. That's the thing about unisex names. And, when I think of Adrienne I think of Adrian (f) from "The Secret Life of the American Teenager", which is a very annoying show. BUT, Adrian is the **** from that show and she is now pregnant. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post dks617 10 years ago I love it for both sexes but for me I love it more for a girl if you dress it up with a real feminine first or middle name it would be perfect. Like Adrienne Nichole. Or Adrienne Marie. Those are just some I like. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in ❤
❤bidadari-AlHurun'in❤ ^-^ ❤
❤ Lv
7 10 years ago I have few friends with the same name : Adrian (boys) and Adrianne (girls), I like this name, and usually its asian names, sounds "R" different with native english. So when I live in europe like now, the pronouncation is different with "Adrianne or Adrian" in asia.
Good day! Source(s):
my heart <3 0 6 2 Login to reply the answers Post Kayley Lv
6 10 years ago I love it! For a middle name maybe put something feminine since it's unisex. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post lovelovelove Lv
7 10 years ago yeah, i actually like it better for a girl. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Crystal Lv
4 10 years ago One of my favorites.. elegant, sophisticated! 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post i acquiesce 10 years ago its perfect 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of the name Bonnie? 16 answers Which name do you prefer Bianca or Branca for a girl? 14 answers What do you think of the name Yonkers for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Marijuana for a girl? 15 answers What do you think of the name Alena for a girl? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What you think of the name Isabella? Sibling name? What do you think of the name Educa for a girl? What do you think of my last name? I think it sounds stupid and I want to change it? What do you think of the name Colly Rodrez for a girl? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites