Wdyt of the girls name -Adrienne Lucille? plus BQ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Baby Names
·
9 years ago Wdyt of the girls name -Adrienne Lucille? plus BQ? BQ : Do you prefer Lucy Adrienne over Adrienne Lucille? Please no alternatives or suggestions for the time being. Thank you Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer I love it...it's so strong and elegant and sophisticated-sounding. BQ: I love both names, but I think Adrienne Lucille flows better than Lucy Adrienne. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post blueberry 9 years ago I really love the name Adrienne and Lucille is ok. I am guessing it has some meaning for you. Adrienne is a gorgeous name. Source(s):
On my list too!
Due Oct 16 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Karina Lv
5 9 years ago Adrienne Lucille is cute! Although it's sophisticated, I don't really like Lucille though.. BQ: I do like Lucy Adrienne, but it depends if you want a more 'grown-up name'.. Adrienne could be shortened to Rie (ree), or something similar :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of the name Bonnie? 16 answers Which name do you prefer Bianca or Branca for a girl? 14 answers What do you think of the name Yonkers for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Marijuana for a girl? 15 answers What do you think of the name Alena for a girl? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What names do you like together for a brother and sister? When I googled “Joe Biden grabbing babies crotch”, photos of him grabbing a babies crotch cane up? What origin is the name N'Diaye ? Sibling name? What do you think of my last name? I think it sounds stupid and I want to change it? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites