Fall pregnant on Creamy/Watery CM only? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Trying to Conceive
·
1 decade ago Fall pregnant on Creamy/Watery CM only? I have been charting my cycle by observing CM and taking my bbt. I am due to have ovulated yesterday or today( i won't know until i check my temp tomorrow morning). I have had about 3 days of creamy (not thick) cm and this morning it was more watery. Im wondering if not all women get EWCM and if all sperm from BD'ing the past 3 days will be supported in creamy-watery CM. Does creamy-watery CM facilitate sperm for the said 3-5 days? thankyou! Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Lucky Lady Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Creamy, pasty, and sticky CM are all hostile to sperm. They get tangled in it and aren't able to swim. Watery CM is considered fertile. Sometimes it's the most fertile looking CM you will see. Chances are you have some EWCM, but you don't see it. It may be tucked up in your cervix and doesn't or hasn't flowed out. Many women do not notice EWCM, but still get pregnant. As long as you have some wetness, you will be able to get pregnant. Good luck to you, and sending baby dust your way :) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Brycen's Momma Lv
4 1 decade ago Watery/Milky CM is fertile!
I don't think it can sustain sperm as long, probably like 2-3 days, but it still means you are on your way to ovulating.
You might be ovulating a little later and may start seeing some ewcm soon anyways, so keep BDing until your temps rise.
Goodluck!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post jojo 1 decade ago i use preseed because i was told by my obgyn that if your CM is creamy and not clear then that means it is to acidic to abstain the sperm.
also if you do buy preseed you should by the self applicator not the prepackaged ones.
it's better to measure how much you want yourself and you can insert further.
The other you wast a lot and you can't put it very far in. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post tanna 4 years ago With my first baby I knew I was pregnant because, every time I would stand up I would get extremely dizzy. With my second I was very very tired! And with my third, which I am pregnant with now, my breast became very sore. Those where all the main key sign that I knew my eggo was preggo! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why am i not getting pregnant ? 5 answers I feel guilty getting pregnant my sister has been struggling ? 9 answers How to increase my chances of getting pregnant? ? 4 answers Is it true that a female's body need to be healthier to conceive a boy, compared to conceiving a girl? 5 answers Girlfriend reacted in a weird way... did I do the right thing? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Faint line? We are trying to conceive our last baby to complete our family! ? Trying to conceive with no luck? Is it safe to conceive child after 45?  ? Ladies with kids only please? What should I do?? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites