Girls name : Wilhelmina Ivy OR Patricia Eve? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Mama loves you Sierra Jasmine Mama loves you Sierra Jasmine
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Baby Names
·
8 years ago Girls name : Wilhelmina Ivy OR Patricia Eve? Please choose one or the other. If you hate both than choose the lesser of two evils. PLUS BQ : What cute/modern-like nicknames can you think of for Wilhelmina and Patricia? Thank you Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Anonymous 8 years ago Favorite Answer I know a Wilhemina who goes by Willow. It could also be Willa, Wilma, Bill, Billie, Minnie, Mila or Mia. Patricia is really only Pat/Patsy or the horrible Trish/Trisha. I also prefer Ivy to Eve. So I choose Wilhemina Ivy, and by quite a lot. I really like it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Your daughter would hate you if you named her Wilhelmina because she would have to spell it for everyone every 5 seconds. It's also just an ugly name. Patricia is a nice name and could have the nickname Trish or Patty. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post KittenQT2 8 years ago Wilhelmina nicknames would be Will, Mina... but I like Patricia Eve better...
Trish.
:) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Georgia Lv
5 8 years ago I prefer Wilhelmina Ivy.
BQ: Mina and Tricia. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 8 years ago Easy. Patricia Eve call her, Pat, Patsy, Patty, Patrick. Source(s):
Me 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of the name Margarine for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Kristie for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Stephanie for a girl? 19 answers What do you think of the name Alena for a girl? 7 answers Opinions on Autumn and Aurora for twin girls? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do you think of the name Carlitos for a boy? Is the name edith a good name for a girl? What do you think of the name Marijuana for a girl? Which names go better together? Alex, Liam, Brandon or Alex, Liam & Jonah? Question about name "Jill"? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites