how does one know if they have inverted nipples? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products flyer flyer
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Pregnancy
·
1 decade ago how does one know if they have inverted nipples? They look the same as normal nipples, do they not? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance momof3cuties 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Inverted look like a normal belly button looks, where normal would be like outies.
My grandma had inverted nipples (I've been told) and was not able to breastfeed any of her 12 children.
However, there are many more options these days.
I'm not inverted, but I'm considered flat.
It was hard for my children to latch on.
Luckily, I had great breastfeeding specialists and a shield until they got the hang of it. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago If you have inverted nipples they will not pop out EVER, if you are cold, aroused, or even if you pinch behind them. And you can breastfeed with inverted nipples, often without any device.
It's called BREASTfeeding not NIPPLEfeeding for a reason. http://www.breastfeed-essentials.com/invertednippl... "FLAT OR INVERTED? You can determine whether or not you have flat or inverted nipples by doing a simple "pinch" test: Gently compress your areola about an inch behind your nipple. If your nipple does not protrude or become erect, then it is considered to be flat. If your nipple inverts, retracts into the skin tissue, or becomes concave, it is considered to be inverted. True inverted or flat nipples also will not become erect when stimulated or cold. If your nipples protrude when stimulated as described above, they are not truly inverted and do not need any special treatment in order to breastfeed." 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post mockingbird Lv
7 1 decade ago Just by looking at them.
When you're not cold or aroused, they look like they're folded inward.
They do respond to cold and stimulation and become erect, though they may not "pop out" as much as regular nipples.
Most of the time, women with inverted nipples can still breastfeed. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post . Lv
7 1 decade ago All you had to do is type 'inverted nipples' (no quotes) into your search engine, as i just did...here's some of the first site that came up: "The easiest way to check whether your nipples are innies or outies is to gently pinch behind one, around the edges of the areola (the dark circle). If the nipple protrudes, it is an outie. However, an inverted nipple will actually retract into the breast." Source(s):
http://www.womenshealth.org/a/inverted_nipples.htm 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in anna♥ L 1 decade ago It looks like slits in your nipples and they do not protrude like normal nipples. That is not true they do "pop" out if you are cold and etc. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Kimi is 31 weeks 1/7 w/#2! 1 decade ago They go in instead of out. I don't know what this has to do with pregnancy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Brittaney x3's Holden 1 decade ago they dont pop out... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Drinking when pregnant ? 10 answers Im really scared could I be pregnant ? 9 answers If you have sex on the beach and then get pregnant do you then name the child sandy? 28 answers Is this a girl or a boy? 6 answers Unborn babies matter.... Please don't murder the unborn.? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions 3 pregnancy tests given very unclear results? Any idea? ? 31w 2d pregnant....stomach hardens random times throughout the day, but never any pain - just uncomfortable.? Please help ? Is this a girl or a boy? can I take my pills before c-t scan? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites