do they remove all afterbirth at the hospital or does some come out after you come home? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Pregnancy
·
1 decade ago do they remove all afterbirth at the hospital or does some come out after you come home? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Pippin Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The placenta is all expelled immediately after birth. (They check very carefully to see that it's complete, since any retained pieces can cause excessive bleeding or breastfeeding issues.) (The doctor doesn't have to remove it-- it normally comes out on its own -- the fourth stage of labor.) You will then have lochia (the bleeding and discharge after birth) for several weeks, so that continues after you come home. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Right after the cut the umbilical cord, and let you hold your baby for a couple seconds. Then they deliver the afterbirth. Its very dangerous to allow the placenta to remain inside you after your deliver your baby. Immediately after delivery of the baby, the placenta is still attached inside the uterus. Some time after delivery, the placenta will detach from the uterus and then be expelled. This process is called the "3rd stage of labor" and may take just a few minutes or as long as an hour. Signs that the placenta is beginning to separate include: A sudden gush of blood
Lengthening of the visible portion of the umbilical cord.
The uterus, which is usually soft and flat immediately after delivery,
becomes round and firm.
The uterus, the top of which is usually about half-way between the pubic bone and the umbilicus, seems to enlarge and approach the umbilicus.
Immediately after the delivery of the baby, uterine contractions stop and labor pains go away. As the placenta separates, the woman will again feel painful uterine cramps. As the placenta descends through the birth canal, she will again feel the urge to bear down and will push out the placenta. If the placenta is not promptly expelled, or if the patient hemorrhages while awaiting delivery of the placenta, this is called a "retained placenta" and it should be manually removed. After delivery of the placenta, the uterus normally contracts firmly, closing off the open blood vessels which previously supplied the placenta. Without this contraction, rapid blood loss would likely prove very problematic or worse. After i delivered my son, it took only a couple minutes before i delivered my placenta. Source(s):
Mommy of a 14 almost 15 month old boy 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post =^..^= 1 decade ago "Afterbirth" is just another word for the placenta.
It's what the umbilical cord is attached to and serves as a vehicle through which nourishment and blood flow are provided, to the fetus during the entire pregnancy. It is delivered right after the baby. The uterus clamps down, and contracts to aid in the expulsion. Though, sometimes the labor and delivery nurses will help by massaging the new mom's lower abdomen. . Source(s):
Two natural child births attended by a midwife. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ba143bl 1 decade ago It all comes out right there on the delivery table about 5 minutes after you have your baby.
Then you'll bleed for about 4-6 weeks. Be sure to ask for the extra pads at the hospital. The ones they give you there are AWESOME! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago The placenta is delivered at the hospital.
You will bleed for several weeks after giving birth though and there are often clots in it.
Some of them can be quite large. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post AskAndYouShallReceive 1 decade ago Yes, all of the above answers. You will deliver it with help, although no pain like the baby, but you will have to push to expel it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ms holli Lv
6 1 decade ago I am pretty positive it all comes out at once, you can have major clots afterwards though which to me looked like a whole other organ,lol. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago if you are talking about the placenta,
shortly after the baby is out, the dcotor /midwife helps remove it. my midwife rubbed on my stomach, sort of massage it. and it slipped out Source(s):
self 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions If you have sex on the beach and then get pregnant do you then name the child sandy? 28 answers Does the vinegar pregnancy test really work I tried it twice and nothing happened.? 7 answers Unborn babies matter.... Please don't murder the unborn.? 10 answers Is it okay to throw my kids out of my house if they are being rude? 7 answers Should there be post-birth abortions for babies with down syndrome or autism? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions can i get pregnant if? im 13 and I masturbate can u get pregnant? 31 weeks pregnant..why after a short time of laying on my side does it make my hips & legs hurt? Does the vinegar pregnancy test really work I tried it twice and nothing happened.? What is this labor and delivery technique? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites