Which is better: Chelsea Rachel Forrest or Chelsea Patricia Forrest? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products crackerjack Lv
4 crackerjack
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Baby Names
·
1 decade ago Which is better: Chelsea Rachel Forrest or Chelsea Patricia Forrest? Patricia is the baby's paternal grandmother's name.
Rachel is just a random name that my sister-in-law chose.
She is not naming her child Patricia out of spite because she doesn't get along with her mother-in-law. Answer Save 14 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer If Patricia is in the family I'd go with that - plus I don't care for Rachel 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Praying for a MIRACLE!!! Lv
6 1 decade ago Chelsea Rachel Forrest 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Isa241 Lv
4 1 decade ago Definitely Chelsea Rachel Forrest. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post ♥ נєѕѕαмιηє Lv
7 1 decade ago Chelsea Rachel Forrest 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in coffeeshop 1 decade ago Chelsea Rachel Forrest 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post ѕєєℓєу вσσтн'ѕ ωιfєу :D Lv
7 1 decade ago Chelsea Rachel Forrest! Source(s):
Aunt to Kaylee Grace born 11/5/09. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post amethyst-ran Lv
5 1 decade ago I don't particularly like Chelsea but I think Chelsea Rachel Forrest flows better than Chelsea Patricia Forrest. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post V<3 Lv
5 1 decade ago I think Chelsea Patricia Forrest sounds sweeter & nicer. It has a better flow to it than Chelsea Rachel Forrest. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I like Chelsea Rachel Forrest better. but Patricia sounds okay... 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Sweet Southern Belle 1 decade ago Chelsea Rachel is way cuter and if your sister-in-law likes it than that's fine!
She's not obligated to name her child after a family member whether she likes that person or not.
It's her little girl! 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (4) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do you think of the name Margarine for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Kristie for a girl? 10 answers What do you think of the name Stephanie for a girl? 19 answers What do you think of the name Alena for a girl? 7 answers Opinions on Autumn and Aurora for twin girls? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do you think of the name name Vicky for a girl? Question about name "Jill"? What do you think of the baby mame "Ebony White "? Which names go better together? Alex, Liam, Brandon or Alex, Liam & Jonah? Who do you think of when you hear the name Caroline? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites