What is the best way to administer IV drugs in labor? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products champayne champayne
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Pregnancy
·
1 decade ago What is the best way to administer IV drugs in labor? Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Take A Test! Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I'll take a shot at a serious answer. . .
IV pain meds are narcotics, and will cross the placenta and enter the baby's circulation. The main side effect of narcotics is respiratory depression or arrest, and this is very dangerous.
It is best to administer IV narcotics in early to mid labor, because ideally we would want it to wear off enough so that when the baby is born there is less risk for respiratory problems and the need for possible resuscitation.
There is a medication called Narcan that is the antidote to narcotic-induced respiratory depression. It works very well. I have never had to give it to a baby after birth. I was trained by a nurse with 35 years labor & delivery experience who said she has never had to give it either - and we work at a high risk hospital. So I think that says alot about the safety of the medication despite the theoretical risks. Source(s):
RN, Labor & Delivery, mom of 3 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post syllylou77 Lv
5 1 decade ago IV definitely beats spinal. But unless you're having a difficult labor it's best to have a local or natural as the others aren't usually given any sooner & you have a greater risk to the baby & you & side effects that can be serious as well. I never had headaches until after my spinal. I was so doped up with the second one we almost lost her & I was practically comatose for over 24 hrs. With the other 2 I only had a local. There were no problems with them or me & I recovered much quicker. They're all given about the same time & only allow about as long the pain so why take the risk for yourself or the baby? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post West Aussie Chick Lv
5 1 decade ago Ummm...through an IV!
I had 2 drug free labours but the first one I had an IV drip in my arm for dehydration after having an epidural.
I really don't know what you mean as there is only one way to administer IV drugs! Source(s):
Mum of 3 and 15 weeks pregnant with number 4. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post dmmls Lv
4 1 decade ago ahhhhhh...through the IV?!?!?!? I don't really know what you're asking but if you are asking where the best IV placement is during labor, I'd say anywhere on the forearm, NOT the hand, and certainly NOT the up near the elbow... Source(s):
Labor and Delivery RN for 18yrs
Momx3
Ob-Gyn office RN 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in alexandria1_1999 Lv
5 1 decade ago Through an IV? 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post CarbonDated Lv
7 1 decade ago Through the IV. What, you trying to make this a trick question? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago in the arm . if your asking where ,see you want the hand free to slap the sh** out of hubby . lol 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post misspiggy 1 decade ago no idea had a drud free labour three times.just let nature take its course. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Jayson L 1 decade ago intravenously 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post whoa,3boys! Lv
5 1 decade ago The nurse will insert it in a vein!!!!!!!!! They are great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So are epiderals, which go in the back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Drinking when pregnant ? 10 answers Im really scared could I be pregnant ? 9 answers If you have sex on the beach and then get pregnant do you then name the child sandy? 28 answers Is this a girl or a boy? 6 answers Unborn babies matter.... Please don't murder the unborn.? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions 31w 2d pregnant....stomach hardens random times throughout the day, but never any pain - just uncomfortable.? can I take my pills before c-t scan? If i masturbate can i get pregnant? Please help ? 3 pregnancy tests given very unclear results? Any idea? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites