Yo ho yo ho a pirates life for me? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Jennette Jennette
asked in
Pregnancy & Parenting Teen & Preteen
·
1 decade ago Yo ho yo ho a pirates life for me? random title hahahahahahahahaha umm i was wondering what you people thought of my script so far (its for a play in school to show bullying, its hasnt gotten that intense yet) its long so hold on tight Jennette “I have never fit in. I was never cool. I didn’t think I was as lame as I was told. I wish I could go back and do it differently. But crap happens, and you cant change it. This is my story.” (spotlight fades, normal lighting comes back and shows jennette and her mom in the car) Mom “Okay Jennette this is your first day of school. Are you nervous? I bet you are. Don’t worry I got my company to guarantee they wouldn’t make me move for the rest of your school years.” Jennette “Thanks mom. I gotta go. See you after school.” (jennette steps out of the car, and walks to class) (people bumping into her in the halls and giving her dirty looks) (jennette is in class now) Teacher “Okay we have a new student with us. Please say hello Miss Jennette Horen?” (class snickers as Jennette meekly waves hi and sits down) (skip to lunch time)
(jennette surveys cafeteria) Jake “Hey who is that?” Ciara “That’s the new girl. Jennette. Ugh! Look at those cheap converse and baggy jeans. She is so 2001 Avril Lavigne.” Mandy “I know right. And look at that hideous jacket. Shes so trying to get attention.” Ava “Yea wannabe. I don’t like her.” (ava shoots a look at the other girls) Mandy “Me neither.” Ciara “Total freak” Ava “And you don’t like her do you baby?” Jake “No no of course not I just wanted to now who she was.” (scene to homeroom) Teacher “Okay class settle down. Put your cell phones away. That was the bell.” (class talking loudly) Jennette “Well, I don’t think that was too bad.” Ava, Ciara, & Mandy walk over to Jennette Ava “What do you think you’re doing?” Jennette “Umm…sitting?” Mandy “Yea in Ava’s seat.” Jennette “Sorry I didn’t know.” Ava “Not surprised. Judging by the obvious vacant stare, Im pretty sure you don’t even know what 2+2=.” Jennette blushes out of embarrassment and moves The rest of the class laughs Mandy “Good burn Ava.” Ciara “Yea really good burn.” (skip to Jennettes bedroom) Jennette sitting on the stairs Jennette “Well things could have gone way worse than that. I mean I just got called stupid infront of my whole class its not like I did anything that horrible. Tomorrows gotta be better. It was my first day. No one has a good first day.” Next day at school In class Mandy “Good morning Ava. How was your sleep?” Ava “Amazing as always. You know, when your mattress is the best money can buy. Your sleep is nothing but amazing.” Ciara “So true Ava so true” Jennette runs in and slips falling hard her books fly Class bursts out laughing
Ava “Wow Jennette you know I don’t blame you. Walking is very very hard for someone with only 3 brain cells.” Class laughs harder Jake runs over to help her clean up the mess Jake and Jennettes hands touch and their eyes meet, Jennette nervously giggles and goes to her seat Ava’s face gets furious Mandys face gets panicky Ciara “She did not just do that!” Ava “Oh she did. That little loser is going to pay.” Skip to lunch time Jennette picks up a tray full of food and walks towards an empty table in the back Ava “Hey Jennette theres room over here.” Jennette slowly walks over
Ava “Look I am so sorry for every thing. I want to be friends.” Jennette sits down and looks very awkward Ciara “Oh crap! We have no napkins. Jenny, could you be a dear and get us some?” Jennette gets up and begins to walk away The girls high five coyly Boy with a tray of food “ OUT OF THE WAY!” Jennette turns around and the boy spills his lunch all over Jennette. The caf bursts into laughter. She walks back over to the table and picks up her tray. She walks away and the boy hits her tray into Jennette. The caf laughs even harder Jennette tries to wipe the food off Ava stands up and says“Wait. Its an improvement.” Jennette runs off stage, everyone laughs hard Jennette in the bathroom Jennette “How could those people hate me so much? What did I do to them? Why do they hate me? Well I have gym next, so I can change and take a shower.” In gym class Ava “Look who showed her face.” Ciara “Wow if that happened to me I would like so not show my face like ever.” Ava “And once we’re done with her, she wont.” They laugh coyly Jennette starts to play pass with one of the guys. Random Guy “GET OUT OF THE WAY!” he yells as he runs right into Jennette RG “I said move. Wait, Im sorry. I guess it didn’t give you enough time to move all of that. BEEP-BEEP-BEEP!” gym burst into laughter Another guys yells “MOOOOO!” Ava “Hey Jennette! My mom loves cottage cheese. I was wondering if she could drain your thighs. I mean don’t be selfish. You have enough fat to feed the entire continent of Africa.” Jennette runs off stage crying hystrerically. so im wondering, is it good? what should i work on? keep in mind its like 10 Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Sarah Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I really like it, I mean, it's a bit cliche right now, but I'm sure as it goes on it will stir up more.
But I really do like it.
Please keep posting I kinda want to find out what happens next. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post zaakuura nahojemii 1 decade ago hi
nice your history i love the history of pirates and love the movie pirates of caribean bye 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post THINKABOUTIT Lv
5 1 decade ago Yo ho yo ho a pirates life for me - can't get that sentence out of my head now. LOL! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I want to runaway from home(im14) will it be easy to catch me? 7 answers Why are residential facilities for teens so abusive? 4 answers What do you think of young teens who get new cars? 7 answers As a parent, how would you react if you walked in on your 17 yr old son receiving oral sex from his girlfriend? 14 answers What would you do if you found out your 15 year old son was having protected, consensual sex with girls his age. Would you be upset? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions People who were teens before the internet: Did your parents get mad if they found out you had a porn magazine? Is this child porn? I want to runaway from home(im14) will it be easy to catch me? Did parents punish their kids for having porn magazines back when those were a thing? Why are residential facilities for teens so abusive? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites