Wealthy quaint towns in North America? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Curious Curious
asked in
Business & Finance Renting & Real Estate
·
8 years ago Wealthy quaint towns in North America? I'm looking for a nice town to live in. Think rosewood from pretty little liars. I've thought about Nantucket and the Hampton's
but I don't want to live by the coast. I want something that's really picturesque and a good place to raise a family. Thanks in advanced! Update : Real towns, though. Not fictional ones. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance linkus86 Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer These picturesque towns you seek exist in the suburbs of most large cities.
They are simply the nice neighborhoods.
Like Marietta, Georgia or Winnektka, Illinois, or Millford, Ohio, or St. Michael's, Maryland 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jadzia Dax Lv
7 8 years ago Smallville, Kansas 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions If your parents make you may rent, is it better to move out? 19 answers Can landlord make me leave early just to clean? 13 answers Can I buy a house about $70,000 with $10,000 in the bank, I have a credit score of 745, but no 2 year job history? ? 9 answers I have heard people make so much money off of food stamps and section 8 housing that they dont have to work is that true? 8 answers I’m scared of losing my apartment because of my boyfriend. I need advice.? 20 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions  I finally found a house to buy so I put all my money in and all I had to do was to sign some paper work but now I cant get the house, why? Everything in the world is mediocre ? What job will teach me the most on building a house? Is my realtor responsible for my neighbor's death? I have heard people make so much money off of food stamps and section 8 housing that they dont have to work is that true? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites