How does ebay money back guarantee work? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Business & Finance Small Business
·
2 years ago How does ebay money back guarantee work? I sold something to a guy without tracking and he says that he never received it.
What do I do?
Do I have to give him a refund or does ebay refund him? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 2 years ago Favorite Answer eBay Money Back Guarantee means you're protected if the item you ordered didn't arrive, is faulty or damaged, or doesn't match the listing. You'll get your money back. For all the details of how the eBay Money Back Guarantee works, please see our full policy guidelines below. (the rest of the page is too long to post here ) Source(s):
Home
Help
eBay Money Back Guarantee policy 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bob Lv
7 2 years ago you pay it not them 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is there a way to give profits of a new business to an individual while maintaining full ownership? 7 answers why do i see services such as "Pest Removal" ? is that not a stupid business? who would pay to have a raccoon removed or whatever? 8 answers How can i use this business name? 6 answers I work at a poor managed Wendy’s. Can they get in trouble for opening to the public without proper protection from COVID-19? 5 answers How many followers
should I wait to reach until I sell merch? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How many followers
should I wait to reach until I sell merch? How can I get good construction experience as 24yo? What is an alternative website to completebizopportunity.com ? why do they sell product and then not have a way to talk to them? If you have nerve pain chronic and any semi limited medical win 4.7 million would you start own business own boss so one can deny your ADA? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites