Home Inspector or similar? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Business & Finance Careers & Employment Other - Careers & Employment
·
1 decade ago Home Inspector or similar? How do you become a home inspector or do work similar to this? My boyfriend has been working in construction for a while and he would like to find out how to switch from the manual labour side of the industry to the office side, issuing permits and inspecting home or the like. Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance icprofit6000 Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer For information about becoming a home inspector, contact any of the following organizations: American Society of Home Inspectors,
932 Lee St., Suite 101, Des Plaines, IL 60016.
http://www.ashi.org Housing Inspection Foundation,
1224 North Nokomis N.E., Alexandria, MN 56308.
http://www.iami.org/hif.cfm National Association of Home Inspectors, 4248 Park Glen Rd., Minneapolis, MN 55416.
http://www.nahi.org From the BLS webpage (see source): Because inspectors must possess the right mix of technical knowledge, experience, and education, employers prefer applicants who have both formal training and experience. Most employers require at least a high school diploma or the equivalent, even for workers with considerable experience. More often, employers look for persons who have studied engineering or architecture or who have a degree from a community or junior college with courses in building inspection, home inspection, construction technology, drafting, and mathematics. Many community colleges offer certificate or associate’s degree programs in building inspection technology. Courses in blueprint reading, algebra, geometry, and English also are useful. A growing number of construction and building inspectors are entering the occupation with a college degree, which often can substitute for previous experience. The level of training requirements varies by type of inspector and State. In general, construction and building inspectors receive much of their training on the job, although they must learn building codes and standards on their own. Working with an experienced inspector, they learn about inspection techniques; codes, ordinances, and regulations; contract specifications; and recordkeeping and reporting duties. Supervised onsite inspections also may be a part of the training. Other requirements can include various courses and assigned reading. Some courses and instructional material are available online as well as through formal venues. An engineering or architectural degree often is required for advancement to supervisory positions. Most States and local jurisdictions require some type of certification for employment. Even if not required, certification can enhance an inspector’s opportunities for employment and advancement to more responsible positions. To become certified, inspectors with substantial experience and education must pass examinations on code requirements, construction techniques and materials, standards of practice, and codes of ethics. The International Code Council (ICC) offers multiple voluntary certifications, as do other professional associations. Many categories of certification are awarded for inspectors and plan examiners in a variety of specialties, including the Certified Building Official (CBO) certification, for code compliance, and the Residential Building Inspector (RBI) certification, for home inspectors. In a few cases, there are no education or experience prerequisites, and certification consists of passing an examination in a designated field either at a regional location or online. In addition, Federal, State, and many local governments may require inspectors to pass a civil service exam. Being a member of a nationally recognized inspection association enhances employment opportunities and may be required by some employers. Because they advise builders and the general public on building codes, construction practices, and technical developments, construction and building inspectors must keep abreast of changes in these areas. Continuing education is imperative and is required by many States and certifying organizations. Numerous employers provide formal training to broaden inspectors’ knowledge of construction materials, practices, and techniques. Inspectors who work for small agencies or firms that do not conduct their own training programs can expand their knowledge and upgrade their skills by attending State-sponsored training programs, by taking college or correspondence courses, or by attending seminars and conferences sponsored by various related organizations, such as the ICC. Source(s):
http://www.bls.gov/oco/ocos004.htm 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago First you need to determine if you want to be a Certified Field Inspector, Property Preservation Specialist or both thus a Master Property Preservation Specialist. Whichever you chose there are several education providers I am only familiar with a few of them and their course content which I would highly recommend.
You have NACHI, they focus more on professional home inspection.
Then there is PITI they also focus on Professional home inspection but Field Inspection as well. You also have NAARPI International and they focus primarily on Field Inspection and Property Preservation with a strong focus on Rental Property Inspections they are the largest education provider in the US and have the only accredited course according to their website.
Socity of Field Inspectors also offers educational materials and other supporting materials owned and operated by Richard Law and based out of Florida….I have not seen their education material but I did purchase a list of National and Regional providers and was disappointed that it was locked downed so I had to manually extract the information from the document. RESNET is another you might want to look into..
Now let us not forget about FREE Training.
HUD offers a 100% free training, which is a two week course, you will have to travel to them and pay for your housing etc…
FEMA
100% free training short and sweet fast track day long training session you will have to get this training via PARr or PB . Source(s):
http://www.naarpiinternational.org 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago there may well be a State company that licenses domicile inspectors. you will desire to do a information superhighway seek to make certain. the main important difficulty is notwithstanding if the inspector would desire to have seen data that the roof and the ac have been defective. He can only be in charge for what he sees. you will desire to ensure which you do take photographs previously you have any artwork completed. you additionally must ***** to the inspector first, supply him a gamble to return and reassess the data. maximum inspection contracts decrease the inspector's felony duty to the fee you paid for the inspection. The roof leak is complicated. The ac is extra tricky. that isn't any longer uncommon to would desire to upload freon as component to an annual inspection. all the inspector can do, besides, is to tutor it directly to work out if it works. he shouldn't take it aside, and he oftentimes does not have get right of entry to to any upkeep background. there's a countrywide company of domicile inspectors--if yours is a member, you will desire to touch them for counsel additionally: American Society of domicile Inspectors. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago According to company officials, their research has revealed that there are real estate brokers who are not properly equipped with managing and marketing REOs. The aim of ASR is to provide asset managers of REO with assurance that their listed properties are being taken care of and are being marketed properly to the right buyers for a faster sale. Source(s):
http://www.accuratehomeinspectors.net/ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you think they should extend unemployment benefits until December 31st? 13 answers Have you ever quit a job without giving notice? 10 answers How do I get an experience in Accounting? 7 answers My manager is mad that I’m quitting. What can I do? 5 answers How to ask for your job back after you have quit? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do people choose to work in jobs that aren’t conducive to career advancement? Did I do the right thing by quitting? My manager is mad that I’m quitting. What can I do? How to ask for your job back after you have quit? What is the work schedule for Amazon delivery drivers? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites