Buying FSBO home? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products LifeLove LifeLove
asked in
Business & Finance Renting & Real Estate
·
1 decade ago Buying FSBO home? We are planning on making an offer on a home FSBO. They want an offer soon, they are in a rush to sell. Can we make an offer person to person and then get lawyers involved? Anyone who has gone through this, tell me your story! We would also be selling our house FSBO. Update : well basically we dont want to make an offer and them refuse it and be out the lawyer fees. since they are in such a rush to sell, we are going to be competing with other buyers. we have bought before, we know the process, but last time we knew the price the sellers were going to accept, no lower. so there was no going back and forth, we knew what our offer would be. Update 2 : we are stipulating a financing condition. but we cant get financing til we sell our house. I was advised not to mention that we have to sell our house as it would turn away the seller. I am all for the public shaming, lol. Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance DEACTIVATED Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Is your home already sold?
Can you afford both houses?
Have you placed a contingency in the contract that stipulates you house must sell for the sale to go forward?
Do you need the cash from your current home to buy the next one? All questions you'll wanna ask yourself before rushing into anything. I'm all for being decisive when the situation calls for it, but when you're rushing to beat out the competition, you tend to think less and act quickly.
This can bite you hard on the rear end, especially when you consider that you are trying to cut the attorney who is supposed to be representing your interests out of the loop.
That's just crazytalk right there. Pay the attorney and make sure he knows how much you want the house.
If he does screw it up somehow, fire him in full public view. Preferably in front of other attornies.
They hate that public shaming thing. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Call an attorney first so that you know how you should handle your offer and so you don’t risk saying something that you shouldn’t. Don’t do a thing verbally; if it’s not written, it means nothing.
Although, you must realize that the knee jerk reaction from me (and likely other answerers) is that if you are unsure of how to handle such a basic part of a huge legal & finical transaction, why are you even thinking of doing it twice without professional representation? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Brian A Lv
7 1 decade ago The offer is one of the most important points to have a lawyer involved. If you screw up the offer contract there may be little the lawyer can later do to fix it. It would suck to have the offer declined and lose the lawyer fee, but it would suck even more to lose many thousands because you overlooked something in making your offer. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post teran_realtor Lv
7 1 decade ago Hmmm.
Advised to not mention the sale of other property contingency..... hmmm.
Don't know how it's done where you are, but in Texas omitting an important fact like that would lose you your earnest money if you fail to close. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can my landlord force me to allow another person to move in? 17 answers If your parents make you may rent, is it better to move out? 25 answers Can I buy a house about $70,000 with $10,000 in the bank, I have a credit score of 745, but no 2 year job history? ? 17 answers Why does my realtor charge me high fees for each showing? 10 answers Can landlord make me leave early just to clean? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Would you be upset if you rent a house for a week and workers are working on the house being loud ? What is a landlord allowed to do? Can I be forced to sell my home without a written essay by the buyer? Easiest way to move to Hawaii? ? Why does my realtor charge me high fees for each showing? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites