landlord tenant rights? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products C P C P
asked in
Business & Finance Renting & Real Estate
·
1 decade ago landlord tenant rights? my super-intendant lives across the hall from me and one day she comes over and knocks at my door and claimed that it smelled like pot, She also mentioned that she did not mind she just ask that we close out windows and get something for the smell.. Is it legal for her to come and knock on my door and tell me this? Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Landlord Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I would have called the police.
She is now as liable as you are if you harm any of the other tenants.
I would not willingly allow a drug addict to rent from me and endanger the neighborhood. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post K&A 1 decade ago You are SO lucky that she just asked you to open the windows!! She can knock on your door and say whatever she wants! In some lease agreements the landlord has the right to ENTER without notice if a default is suspected, and illegal drugs can certianly qualify as a default if the lease is drafted properly.
You should do whatever she asks regarding this situation, and then some. The next time the smell bothers her she is well within her right to send you a violation notice with a fine, and or start the eviction process. She can also call the police.
Be very thankful she handled it the way she did!! Source(s):
I am a property manager 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Joy4IEHomes 1 decade ago Isn't it sad that everyone jumped to the conclusion that you are guilty? It didn't necessarily have to be pot. But to answer your question, there isn't really a civil code for that. I've done property management for a long time. There have been instances where I've told people as a courtesy that some behaviors would not be accepted instead of calling the police or giving them notice to move. In most cases, the bahavior stopped. Source(s):
Property management experience for 12 years. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post schachter Lv
4 4 years ago Does a tenant have the right to alter locks? no longer without your landlord permission, if he supplies permission then you definately might desire to furnish them a sparkling key. (we found out that the owner has been sneaking in and questioning the condominium without informing us in strengthen. subsequently we would desire to alter the lock) in case you have proff call teh law enforcement officers, whey they're doing is illigal additionally, if the tenant refused to furnish the hot key, and without warning there is an emergency including a hearth, who would be held to blame? you would be 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Trouble Lv
6 1 decade ago Yes. She knocked, you answered. You should actually be happy that she gave you a heads up and doesn't seem to mind. My supers would have called the police without warning you and you'd be looking at possible charges and an eviction. Most state's have laws regarding prohibiting illegal drugs/activity in rentals and have laws allowing expedited evictions due to illegal drugs/activity. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago two words 'quiet enjoyment' this is a Landlord and tenant law term
under landlord and tenant law she Must give you notice of coming over. a landlord must not keep on coming over all the time because it disrupts your enjoyment of the property. however, you must prove that she is constantly coming over disrupting your rights to privacy. the fact that you are or are not smoking pot is not the issue. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post LILL Lv
7 1 decade ago I don't think it's illegal to knock on someones door.
Be grateful she's not having you evicted. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post mary ann Lv
6 1 decade ago yes she knock and she just ask you to be polite about whats so bad about that.If she can smell it other can so it just might of been someone else 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bostonian In MO Lv
7 1 decade ago It's perfectly legal for her to call you an ugly moron if she chooses to. If I were her, I'd have called the cops so she probably thinks she was doing you a favor. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Uhh duh! Its her house and you are doing DRUGS! No.. its not right of her at all. Smoke all the pot you want in her house.. so if the cops are called, its HER a** on the line as well.
While you are at it, why don't you turn the house into a meth lab?? Geez, silly questions. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can my landlord force me to allow another person to move in? 17 answers If your parents make you may rent, is it better to move out? 25 answers Can I buy a house about $70,000 with $10,000 in the bank, I have a credit score of 745, but no 2 year job history? ? 17 answers Why does my realtor charge me high fees for each showing? 10 answers Can landlord make me leave early just to clean? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions my room mate Philip refuses to pay rent what should i do? Easiest way to move to Hawaii? ? What is a landlord allowed to do? Why does my realtor charge me high fees for each showing? Why did they shut off the power? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites