what guarantees stocks to rise? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products rk88 rk88
asked in
Business & Finance Investing
·
1 decade ago what guarantees stocks to rise? I know that analyst upgrades and news of mergers/acquisitions typically cause stocks to rise, but what else is there out there that will almost guarantee a rise? I have loked into everything else, from dividends to Earnings reports, but the chances of these rising are about fifty/fifty.. what do you investory typically look for to buy into? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance SWH Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer There are no guarantees that come with investing in the stock market.
The best you can do in increase your chances of success.
The most important parameters to look at are: EPS growth: A company should have 20% growth from quarter to quarter for at leas 4 quarter. Anual earnings growth of at least 20% per year. Good management. Stable workforce. New products coming in the pipe line. Institutional support Low debt/equity Increasing revenues. With these good fundementals, then it's time to look at the charts to see if it is overvalued.
Look at MACD, stochastics for crossovers.
Good relative strength.
And it must be in a good industry that is growing. In other words, there is no "one thing" that guarantees a stock to go up. /// 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post dustinkinney007 1 decade ago Nothing guarantees stocks to rise, but the stock market does determine how much a stock is worth by supply and demand for it. Think of it as owning a piece of a company, like you a purchasing something.
Now, to you, how much is that worth?
How much will it be worth in the future? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post gregory_dittman Lv
7 1 decade ago There is a whole business looking for buy outs from vastly under valued stocks.
This means the stock is worth less than the physical value of the company. People buy of the stocks in order to own the company and then they sell the physical company off at a profit. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post RayM Lv
4 1 decade ago what others are buying, like stock buy backs-wher co buy their own stock. Look for co growing at 100%. Otherwise buy MF like TR Price div growth 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What stops people from say buying 100k worth of a bluechip stock, waiting till it brings a one percent return, then selling? ? 22 answers Why are stocks drastically going down right now? 11 answers What is dividend on BP stock? 5 answers How many companies on the stock market pay dividends.? 6 answers How do I know if I have stock with a company that I currently work for? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What is the Future value of each of the project and which would
you invest in? How do I know if I have stock with a company that I currently work for? Will “Alvin Class” submersibles ever be available for purchase? Why do we need interest rates? Can I Roll Over RMD funds taken in January 2020? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites