How come some of these grocery stores refuse to install automated cashier machines? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products AskZilla Lv
5 AskZilla
asked in
Local Businesses Other - Local Businesses
·
1 month ago How come some of these grocery stores refuse to install automated cashier machines? Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Robert Lv
7 1 month ago Favorite Answer I'm guess it's the amount of volume vs the cost of the very expensive devices. 1 0 Dennis T 2 days ago https://donnatejada84.wixsite.com/mtgvaservices 0 0 syedsyl 3 weeks ago There are lots of items, quantity and measurement very difficulties. 0 0 Blue 4 weeks ago They prob more expensive so they cadh items in themselves . 0 0 How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in The Raging Platypus 1 month ago People don't like them so they mostlynstill use the teller, negating the effectiveness of expensive machinery.  And this is exacerbated by someone being needed to monitor it and help everyone use it so even though they may have four units, they check out as many items per hour as a regular machine at a much higher cost. At the store near me, I often see a long line for the cashier even theough self serve is empty. 0 0 L Lv
4 1 month ago Because PEOPLE NEED JOBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Common Sense. 0 0 Milk Tray Man Lv
6 1 month ago I wouldn't. They malfunction a lot and someone has to come over to fix it defeating the objective of self service, even if they don't malfunction someone has to come over to check your ID if you are buying restricted items. They would have to vastly improve before I would consider them. 0 1 Anonymous 1 month ago Some customers don't like them.  One of the local stores installed them and later removed them.  I don't believe they have been reinstalled. 0 0 Rick Lv
6 1 month ago theft rates go up ................................ 1 1 Guardian Lv
7 1 month ago Save money and jobs. Machines ultimately save money. But you have to put in the money for profit first. In metro cities, they're a Godsend. But in rural areas, they value human service and less technology. 0 0 Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Where In Columbus Ohio Ok To Be Naked? ? 4 answers Where is my delivery package no 182526013761? 11 answers Does anybody know a fire station that is hiring at 17 if I have a diploma? 16 answers where is there a kmart store open,? 19 answers Amazon delivered our package to wrong door. The picture shows it in front of a white door ours is red. We didn't get the package.? 21 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How does an American order from Russian online store? anyone wanna tell me about Texas A&M Corpus Christi? Can a will be protested, and how long will it be in Probate in NC? "Nickel Advisors" does anyone know about this financial group good or bad, had any experience with it, is it legitimate/Scam? Thank you? ? Do massage parlors have waiting rooms? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites