Should you have a
guaranteed job before moving to Alberta even though there is a boom on? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products gussie Lv
7 gussie
asked in
Business & Finance Careers & Employment Other - Careers & Employment
·
1 decade ago Should you have a
guaranteed job before moving to Alberta even though there is a boom on? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Nate Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer You should have a guaranteed job before you move ANYWHERE!
That happened to me last year and it cost me dearly! I moved from Detroit to Washington State to be with my fiancee. I had two interviews set up for the first five days i was there and they both fell through. Although i was able to find another job a month later, they laid me off due to lack of work and hours. Since it was through a temp agency, getting my job back was out of the question. I found this out when I went back down to re-apply there. I found out that because of a contract I signed, I was ineligible to work there for a year! This put so much of a strain on me and my fiancee that because of this (and other things that started to accumulate), I lost everything! My chance to get a good-paying job, a woman whom I wanted to marry and settle with, and I also had to go back to Detroit to start over.....AGAIN! I went through hell and lots of tears. I'm still trying to find some closure in it all, but if you have a guaranteed job before you move, it helps because you can start right away and not have to worry about getting out here and looking for work! 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post WinlawWomyn 1 decade ago We just left Calgary because it was so intense - yuck - what a hell hole.
So much money, greed and big stinky trucks... mindless arseholes... anyways, if you're going, just go and you'll find something - soon - it's not a risk really - you'll get a job somewhere for sure.
Risks are fun anyhow!
But - my advice:
I'd start my own business - there's so much money there, find something - ANYTHING that provides a service and you'll make tones.
We went there and started a business installing steel products and made 50 bucks an hour - made over 100K in one year, bought and sold a house, made 150K, and left.
You won't make money on houses there anymore - that's dead - and I think the city in general is starting to decline economically - still good but not booming as much as it was the last year and a half.... yah, start a business for sure. If you don't have a specific skillset - make one up - like start painting houses or mowing lawns, etc. etc.
super easy work and you're outside enjoying life. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It usually helps.
When you are accepted for a job, you can get a specific start date or make one for 2 weeks ahead which gives you that much time to look for housing and settle your move before you start.
You will have expenses moving and start up work expenses (clothing, uniform, commuting and food). Most people wait until they have an income before actually moving.
Good Luck. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you think they should extend unemployment benefits until December 31st? 13 answers Have you ever quit a job without giving notice? 10 answers How do I get an experience in Accounting? 7 answers My manager is mad that I’m quitting. What can I do? 5 answers How to ask for your job back after you have quit? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Did I do the right thing by quitting? Am I terminated from the job? ? How to ask for your job back after you have quit? How on earth is it my fault? I have respiratory infection, could I quit my job and draw unemployment? (AL) ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites