what is the difference between a secured cc and a guaranteed cc? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products madpoet2404 madpoet2404
asked in
Business & Finance Credit
·
9 years ago what is the difference between a secured cc and a guaranteed cc? I've seen both but can't figure the difference.
Am trying to rebuild my credit and want the best one for that need. Thank you. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance jenjen1251 9 years ago Favorite Answer Wow I have not seen that many guaranteed cards out there any more. They are very similar but you will probably have more luck finding a secured credit card. A lot of banks and even some currency exchanges have them. A secured cc is one that you pay money up front to secure the credit line and then use the credit you have paid into the card to make purchases. It is pretty much the same as a visa gift card except it will help to build your credit because it is linked to your social security number and considered a revolving account. A guaranteed credit card is usually offered by a bank and linked to another account you have with them like a checking account. If you don’t make your payments on time the bank goes into the other account and takes the money. Many times the bank requires that you keep a minimum amount more the cc limit in your account at all times guaranteeing
that the bank will be paid for the credit card charges.
Both types of accounts will help to build your credit the same. When it comes to building credit it is best to carry a balance on a cc no more than half of the credit limit and to make regular payments each month. If possible don’t pay the card in full every month it shows you are responsible to carry a balance long term. Also keep in mind that things like utilities and cell phone accounts also report to your credit and can help to build it up. The most important thing is not to be delinquent any more (you have to be a full 30 days past due on a cc to have it reported to the credit bureaus ) and then try to slowly pay off old past due accounts if you have them. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are people who do credit card scams considered criminals? 7 answers How much more than the minimum credit card payment counts as not ONLY paying the minimum as far as your credit score is concerned? 4 answers Ways to raise my credit score? ? 4 answers If I have my social security number and no card, is it possible to log into the account? 6 answers what credit report should i listen to? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions if somebody like a scammer has my SSN, is my life basically ruined? Can you use a pre-paid card on PayPal if the funds are lower than the purchase total? Does the apple store check your credit score or need to approve your credit score to finance a phone? ? Could I get away with defaulting on this? What's a good website to sell my gift card? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites