Hiring someone? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ANGEL S ANGEL S
asked in
Business & Finance Careers & Employment
·
1 decade ago Hiring someone? When you hire someone to work in your start-up business. How many months do you have, before you have to report it to the canadian goverment. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Bruce Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer legally you can't hire anybody unless you have them listed as an employee of your company. And you have to start making payments as of day one on their behalf, like tax, workman's comp. Canada Pension, Umemployment insurance its really mind boggling if you have not done it before. I would say the easy way to do this is get a company that will do all this for you for a monthly fee. They will even make out the pay cheques for you. Or hire directly from an employment agency, they also do all the gov. paperwork without you having to do it. All you do is pay what they tell you to pay per hour. Thats it. Or there is one more way to do it, hire the person as a private contractor
and contract the work out to them and they pay all their taxes and everything else. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post judirose2001 Lv
5 1 decade ago If you hire someone, you have to report to the government right away. There is no waiting period. The moment you hire staff, that is when you begin to report to the government. Source(s):
An employer 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Christmas Light Guy Lv
7 1 decade ago In the US, it is nearly immediate.
Can not say what the Canadian regs are. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you think they should extend unemployment benefits until December 31st? 9 answers How can I make sure I give the manager my ID and Social Security card at a job interview? 10 answers Will I get fired? 11 answers Can I be dismissed? 5 answers If I quit my job without giving any notice, is that pretty bad? 17 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does it commonly occur today , that people lose their jobs due to non-compliance of covid19 health precautions? My accomplishments? What is a more senior role: legal secretary or paralegal? Need advice? Is it immature for a man w/social anxiety disorder, to get mad when his co-workers don’t believe he’s a ladies man? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites