easiest places to get hired? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Business & Finance Careers & Employment Other - Careers & Employment
·
1 decade ago easiest places to get hired? where are the fastest places you can get hired at here in los angeles california?? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The true fastest places to get hired are the fast food restaurants, such as McDonalds, Burger King, Wendys, Taco Bell, etc. I saw when I read your question that it was originally posted in Canada. Forgive me for assuming if I assume you're from Canada(?). Other places where you might have good chances of being hired as well as the fast food places are the retail stores such as Target, Walmart, Best Buy, etc. The reason that these jobs are easier to get into is that they pay very little, compared to others in industries not related to the fast food or retail business.Besides the low wages, expect to get few hours. These businesses try to keep 99% of their employees extremely well below the full time hour week and are non union. The purpose so that employees will not qualify for benefits by working full time hours. There are others, generally low paying, and are mostly located in the food business, retail and hospitality fields. KatGuy mentions that Date Entry is easy and fast to get hired in. Really? Where? I've been trying to get a job in Data Entry for the past 4 months. They are very sought after and not easy to get into, even with experience. If he knows anyone who's hiring or an agency besides Apple One, ACT 1 or Select Personnel, please let everyone know! Thanks. Source(s):
Have realtives working in these industries. Worked in these industries some years ago. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Patricia 4 years ago I'd say go in and put applications as a walk in.Try markets, but have information ready as alot of places have the online table there for you to fill out in the store.But keep putting online,as you just never know.And retry McDonalds you have a pulse so why didn't you get hire there if you put in a application and they hire anyone with a pulse? Good luck. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Paul 4 years ago Space X, Bain Capital, JPL, Deloitte, McKinsey Consulting, The Rand Corporation, Brookings Institution, The Hoover Institution of Stanford, Google, Apple, Facebook, things like this. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Make a free blog at blogger about something you are good at or truly interested in, and than put adsense on it, bring people to your blog, each time your ads get clicked you'll earn money. I can assure that you will love working on it. If you want more info let me know OR visit
http://www.make-money-blogging.biz 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago eBay is a good option. Start selling stuff on it. It is flexible, easy to learn, and you can make good money.
You can work on your schedule and do as much as you need or want to. You can fit eBay in around other things in your life. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post KatGuy Lv
7 1 decade ago If you don't care at all what type of work you'll do, data entry jobs are easy and fast to get. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you think they should extend unemployment benefits until December 31st? 9 answers How can I make sure I give the manager my ID and Social Security card at a job interview? 10 answers Will I get fired? 11 answers If I quit my job without giving any notice, is that pretty bad? 17 answers how to sleep very early ? 17 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How to get a job at 25? Does it commonly occur today , that people lose their jobs due to non-compliance of covid19 health precautions? I feel like my boss didn't appreciate my hard work, I still feel frustrated, your thoughts? Need advice? I applied to two jobs at the same company and two different locations. I want to work at a specific location? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites