where are someplaces I can get prepaid credit cards for teens??? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Business & Finance Credit
·
1 decade ago where are someplaces I can get prepaid credit cards for teens??? Exclude much music I already know that one I need one that works in canada try not to get one with a huge premium... but if thats all you got.. its ok Update : its just i don't want to carry cash with me all the time Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Uncle Pennybags Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer These are becoming widely available in chain grocery stores.
They have multiple gift cards, including prepaid debit cards from the likes of Amex, MasterCard and Visa. Having said that, don't get one.
There is usually a fee involved in buying one, from $3 to $5, plus they come with terms that may impose monthly fees or expiration after a certain time period. Cash is the ultimate gift certificate.
It's good anywhere, any time, for anything.
It carries no fees and never expires. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post GG Lv
7 1 decade ago google it. google prepaid cards in canada. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are people who do credit card scams considered criminals? 7 answers How much more than the minimum credit card payment counts as not ONLY paying the minimum as far as your credit score is concerned? 4 answers Ways to raise my credit score? ? 4 answers If I have my social security number and no card, is it possible to log into the account? 6 answers what credit report should i listen to? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Get My Payment has not shown an update of a payment date for weeks.? Does it make any sense to pay a debt collector? Does the apple store check your credit score or need to approve your credit score to finance a phone? ? How much more than the minimum credit card payment counts as not ONLY paying the minimum as far as your credit score is concerned? Can you use a pre-paid card on PayPal if the funds are lower than the purchase total? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites