We want to purchase the single dwelling adjacent to us. Do we have to have it someone else's name in trust? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Julie B Julie B
asked in
Business & Finance Renting & Real Estate
·
1 decade ago We want to purchase the single dwelling adjacent to us. Do we have to have it someone else's name in trust? My husband and I want to purchase the single dwelling directly adjacent to us.
We own a single dwelling and these are houses are NOT connected although the lots are.
We have been told that if we purchase this property anMy husband and I want to purchase the single dwelling directly adjacent to us.
We own a single dwelling and these are houses are NOT connected although the lots are.
We have been told that if we purchase this property and kept it in our name, it would automatically merge the two properties.
I have two questions then; can we legally have both houses on the property that has been merged, and can we ever sever them in the future if we needed tod kept it in our name, it would automatically merge the two properties.
I have two questions then; can we legally have both houses on the property that has been merged, and can we ever sever them in the future if we needed to? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Elvis Parsley 1 decade ago Favorite Answer As a Realtor in Ontario, I can advise you that 2 adjacent properties under the same ownership will merge. You can make arrangements with your lawyer to avoid that (there are several ways to accomplish it). Once merged, you will have to apply for severance if you ever want to dispose of either property separately. In many older properties, this cannot be done for a variety of reasons (for example both lots are small and would not be allowable as separate lots today, or one property encroaches on the other, or a utility such as a water or sewer line passes under one house to reach the other). Since you will need a lawyer anyway, consult one before making an offer so you don't get into a situation that's impossible or difficult and costly to get out of. Certainly, you can legally own both - its just a matter of doing a little homework prior to purchasing the second property Source(s):
I'm a Realtor 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mike Lv
6 1 decade ago I'd suggest that you consult with a real estate attorney. Generally that would only occur in areas where new laws were passed that increased the minimum parcel size. By requiring adjacent parcels to be merged, the city is probably attempting to rectify previous parcel size laws. Usually once parcels are merged under that reason, they can never again be divided. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions If your parents make you may rent, is it better to move out? 19 answers Can landlord make me leave early just to clean? 13 answers Can I buy a house about $70,000 with $10,000 in the bank, I have a credit score of 745, but no 2 year job history? ? 10 answers I have heard people make so much money off of food stamps and section 8 housing that they dont have to work is that true? 8 answers I’m scared of losing my apartment because of my boyfriend. I need advice.? 20 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Finding room to rent.? Need info on Marriage and property  ?  I finally found a house to buy so I put all my money in and all I had to do was to sign some paper work but now I cant get the house, why? Renting small cabins, does the land have to be commercial? I have heard people make so much money off of food stamps and section 8 housing that they dont have to work is that true? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites