why would WWE ever hire Hornswoggle? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Sports Wrestling
·
9 years ago why would WWE ever hire Hornswoggle? BQ Has he ever won any title in WWE ? Answer Save 17 Answers Relevance J-Rod Society. Reborn!!! Lv
5 9 years ago Favorite Answer They hired hornswaggle for some comic relief. To make people laugh at him, and mock him he was never meant to wrestle. He also is liked by the younger generation of the WWE universe. He is what WWE means entertainment. I mean he is the perfect thing to laugh at a leprechaun midget who lives under the ring. But after WWE turned PG and he got over he actually started wrestling. It was terrible. When it was TV 14 he came out and embarrassed himself why people laughed. Remember his name used to be Little *******.
BQ- yes he did win a title he was the Cruiser Weight champ. He won it in i believe 2007 but i may be wrong. He was also in contender ship for the Tag team titles at a point but i believe he never won them. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ted Christian Anarchist 9 years ago he used
to be Finlay's assistant. yes, hornswoggle was a heel. he would hide under the ring and hand Finlay his shilaly so Finlay could his opponent. he was sometimes a distraction. hornswoggle was actually good back then with Finlay.
BQ:he won the cruiserweight title. in fact he is the last cruiserweight champion. he almsot won the wwe tag titles with Finlay as well Source(s):
Isus 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post terry v Lv
7 9 years ago It is entertainment and at times I think he was entertaining.Then they started giveing him a push and had good wrestlers job to him.Sorry no one found that funny.Now he is just a sickeing
turd in the WWE (my opinion of course) He won the cruiserweight title and Vicki was GM on Smackdown at time who said she was just going to quit playing games and took it away from him! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ram jet 1.0 (x) Lv
6 9 years ago well he is still hired in wwe and the only title he won is the cusirwight title that all i know mate 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 9 years ago Hornswoggle is perfect for PG TV, he's obviously one of those people the kids like to see BQ: Cruiserweight title, but he never defended it I don't think 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago why would WWE ever introduce us to the Gobbldey Gooker? who knows? random-ness! BQ- The Cruiserweight Title 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Maybe to spark entertainment in WWE, Got to admit he can be hilarious BQ: The Cruiserweight title 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post I Am A Nobody Lv
7 9 years ago If he is awesome me and him would get on every well i'm very certin of tht to the ''chad'' guy who says WWE is fake its actually blimming NOT! Its called ''Stripted'' and Entertainment 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago People find him funny, It's as simple as that. BQ: He was the last ever cruiserweight champion, before it was advocated. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Taylor 9 years ago @Chad wrestlers are tough as nails and we don't see you working you p*ssy *** off in the ring and pulling off stunts like them (abunch of them are probably stuntmen in movies) unless you're afraid of hurting yourself and run crying like the coward you are. In fact Im not insulting UFC stars but I don't see any of them pulling off these stunts either Hornswoggle was better when he was a heel with finlay and staying under the ring 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (7) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions In his PRIME, how GREAT was Kurt Angle ? 4 answers Which of these companies do you think has the best female wrestling talent at the moment? WWE, AEW, Impact? 4 answers Is WWE partially scripted? 6 answers How would you guys improve the WWE product? 5 answers What wrestler do you think would make a good trainer? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are some good Mitsuhara Misawa matches I should watch this weekend in remembrance of the 11th Anniversary of his in ring death? Which of these companies do you think has the best female wrestling talent at the moment? WWE, AEW, Impact? do you agree Triple H running WWE would make WWE great again or no? Who is better: Mitsuharu Misawa or Jushin Liger? Why has Samoa Joe been a bust in WWE? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites