Tents and Camping? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Sports Outdoor Recreation Other - Outdoor Recreation
·
1 decade ago Tents and Camping? Anyone know where i can Buy a nice tents. Somthing that hold 6-7 people becase there are 4 of us and i know tents can be a little small. I looked at canadian tire and sears and saw a two room with a frount porch which i like however the one at sears got bad reviews about leaking.... anywhere eles i can look online Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance mw Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer A 9x9 foot tent will hold 4 people, but a little larger is roomier.
If you have a walmart or target near you, they have lots of tents. Tents nowadays have all sorts of air vents and do not seal up tight. You have to use the fly that comes with the tent. Coleman makes some decent tents for car camping.
You should be able to find one for
about $70. If you want the type tent that is totally sealable, with every window closing, and will hold up to extreme weather, or
backpacking, you'll have to spend a few hundred dollars and buy through an outfitter like REI. ( rei.com) I just bought 2 tents this week, so I've been making the rounds of all sorts of stores, looking for decent tents with decent windows.
Last summer I bought 2 different ones and returned both they were so pathetic. I bought Coleman's this year, and have yet to try them (will do so this upcoming weekend).
I used to use a Ridgeway tent (made by Coleman) and it was great and lasted many years. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post kill_yr_television Lv
7 1 decade ago Take a look at www.rei.com; any brand they carry is probably a pretty good quality. They have online resources to compare their tents, and helpful free outdoor advisers. REI is a non-for-profit gear retailer that will help you whether or not you are a member, whether or not you buy anything. You can get advice via real-time chat or by phone. But before you make any purchase from REI, you might want to check the prices at www.sierratradingpost.com and www.campmor.com. You might think of buying two medium sized tents, instead of a single huge one. Easier to store and set up, plus it can make for a smoother camp-out. Or a small auxillary tent to serve as the children's 'bedroom'. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post David S Lv
5 1 decade ago Are you talking about car-camping or real camping?
Real camping is what happens when you stop to sleep in the woods while on a multi-day hike, carrying your food and camping stuff in a backpack. For a half-dozen people, I'd suggest buying a camping hammock for each person.
The best hammocks are made by Hennesy, Speer, and Clark.
They sleep better than tents do, except maybe in winter. But if you must have a tent, try The North Face, or Marmot (a.k.a. Dana Design). Really, though, you should switch to hammocks because they're cooler. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post melewis676 1 decade ago have a look on eBay the sell some really big and nice tents 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Jim B 1 decade ago Great deals on all outdoor gear can be found at sportsmansguide.com. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bambi Lv
5 1 decade ago cabelas.com has the best camping equipment 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How many times can I skydive without a parachute? 10 answers Is anyone else bored during lockdown? 5 answers Are hiking trails closed? 7 answers Is it too cold to go hiking without a hoodie when it’s 55 degrees and sunny? 7 answers tandem skydive ? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Rollerskates or rollerblades? Is there an age requirement to buy archery supplies in CA? Is the Sketchers Go Walk 5 worth upgrading to from the 4? Where to find the best guide to purchase the best paintball gun? What do i need to pack for horseback trekking the American Discovery Trail both ways ? (a 6 month solo horseback trek) with no pack mule? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites