Should Kane change his theme to a businessman song? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Mizz Bree Lv
4 Mizz Bree
asked in
Sports Wrestling
·
6 years ago Should Kane change his theme to a businessman song? He is a really
busy businessman now. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Rocky Daye Lv
5 6 years ago Favorite Answer He should retire...........please 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mark 6 years ago No I think it would just be better to let Kane keep his current theme song until he retires. I would want Kane to go back to his big red monster gimmick. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Kane needs Huey Lewis & the News as his theme 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mysterion Lv
4 6 years ago What exactly would a businessman song sound like? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in вяσ¢к ℓєѕηαя Lv
5 6 years ago No, but he should quit the authority and go back to that big red monster gimmick and should be a monster heel. #DevilsFav.Monster. Source(s):
нєяє ¢σмєѕ тнє ραιи 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Taufik Lv
5 6 years ago Yes. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions In his PRIME, how GREAT was Kurt Angle ? 7 answers Which of these companies do you think has the best female wrestling talent at the moment? WWE, AEW, Impact? 5 answers Is WWE partially scripted? 7 answers If trump bans chokeholds, what will happen to the WWF? 4 answers How would you guys improve the WWE product? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who do you think would walk away with the victory in a one-on-one match in the Tokyo Dome: A-Train or Braun Strowman? Who is your favorite wrestler of all time? Where's Jeff? WWE (2000s) Universe Mode Fantasy Show: Monday Night Raw - Episode #62: Who would win this match card? + WQ Inside? what wrestling games was professional wrestler stacy keibler in? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites