Is it safe to eat an animal if it has worms inside of it? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Sports Outdoor Recreation Hunting
·
1 decade ago Is it safe to eat an animal if it has worms inside of it? While I were cleaning an animal, I found some worms inside of it.
If I cook the animal well, would I still have to worry about getting infected by the worms?
Or should I just not eat the animal if it has worms inside of it? Thanks. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Gruesome topic!
I'm going to say, no!
Tularemia is a highly contagious disease you can get from eating infected rabbits.
I know that many parasites breed by enclosing their eggs in highly protective cysts; and others have the ability to encapsulate themselves in order to hibernate for extended periods of time.
(As in trichinosis)
Whether or not thorough cooking is going to alleviate all of these potential problems is unknown to me; so, unless I were starving, I simply wouldn't do it. Source(s):
https://health.google.com/health/ref/Tularemia
https://health.google.com/health/ref/Trichinosis
http://www.myoptumhealth.com/portal/ADAM/item/Asca... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Nathan 1 decade ago Although I think the cooking heat might destroy most of the bacteria Im pretty sure it'd still be a bad Idea, the worms are there for a reason and most likely not for the meat, My guess is the animal is infected and the worms are there for the bacteria 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post the long shot Lv
6 1 decade ago This is the original reason pork was required to be cooked to 160 degrees farenheit.
The parasites in the meat would be killed at 160 degrees.
Need to cook it enough to kill off the parasites to eat it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post margo 4 years ago Well depending on the amount of stuffing she ate, she may not pass it. If her stomach is still bloated and hard tomorrow, I'd take her into the vet to have him look at her. Especially being 8 weeks old, her intestines and stomach are still quite small, so if she ate a lot of the stuffing, she may not be able to pass it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago i would
cook it worms and all jus like road
kill 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago you could if you were to cook it but i wouldnt risk eating it 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can a pistol go off when dropped? 8 answers How do you conceal carry when bicycling or kayaking? 8 answers How is this happening if its illegal in China? 5 answers I'm getting a cheap shotgun from a pawn shop. Is it legal for me to saw off the barrel myself? 4 answers what's the difference between a Rifle and a Long Rifle? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions will a beretta 92 compact threaded barrel fit and function in a beretta 92fs slide? In the Ken Rex McElroy vigilante shooting in Skidmore, Missouri in 1981, there were three shooters: 1) .30-30 with 150 gr bullets ? Will ANY 38 caliber bullet work with ANY 38 revolver or gun? Can your average machinist do this? With less than 6 months training!!!? Are peep sights uniquely American?  I was reading a book by a German Soldier in WWII.  He said the German soldiers thought the .45 was too ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites