Does Seattle have a Stanley Cup banner someplace? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products michinoku2001 Lv
7 michinoku2001
asked in
Sports Hockey
·
2 years ago Does Seattle have a Stanley Cup banner someplace? Update : Or is it so moth-eaten that they will need a new one for the Key Arena? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Leafsfan29-Embrace the drought! Lv
7 2 years ago Favorite Answer The city doesn't have one, and since there's no organisation associated with the Seattle team that won, there's no banner. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 2 years ago Pittsburgh got it in 2017 and 2016 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why have the New York Yankees never played the Montreal Canadiens in their 150-year plus history? 7 answers Will the 24 NHL playoff teams will be permanent? 5 answers Will you give up golf and boating to watch NHL in the summer? 4 answers When do you think they will lift the travel bands so hockey can resume? 7 answers Fifteen percent of hockey-stick sales are to women. If 220 sticks were sold, how many were purchased by women? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What NHL Team(s) has the better advantages with the expected playoff changes? is it late for a man bot to be married at 42? Why have the New York Yankees never played the Montreal Canadiens in their 150-year plus history? Which team would win: the college hockey All Star team or the WORST NHL hockey team? Are the rioters angry because the Minnesota Wild will not be part of the NHL playoffs? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites