Do you take MA lessons based on location, instructor, or pricing? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Employee of the Moment Lv
5 Employee of the Moment
asked in
Sports Martial Arts
·
7 years ago Do you take MA lessons based on location, instructor, or pricing? How do you choose where you learn? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Para ouvir na Rádio Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer Instructor.
The head instructor at my dojo is one of the highest graduated in my country, he has trained, graduated and instructed with the best instructors in the world including Morio Higoanna (who offered him a position as assistant instructor).
Goju Ryu and Kyokushin karate have some really awesome instructors in my country. Price is quite low just around 20 dollars per month for about 3-5 sessions a week of 1½ hour plus open dojo on off days. The instructors are all volunteers and have normal jobs on the side. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Paul Lv
5 7 years ago combination of your value and judgement
if a good instructor lives in tim buk too is it worth the gas and
money so it is all relevant
and whos too say hes a good instructor too begin with
remember a one persons garbage is anothers treasure 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why was everybody Kung fu fighting? 6 answers Which martial art is better for self defense. Muay Thai or Krav maga? 4 answers Is this an advantage in martial arts? 6 answers Is it possible to be able to master over 100 styles of martial arts? 8 answers I am 20 years old. Is still possible to be part of the "Hall of Fame" of taekwondo? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why was everybody Kung fu fighting? Y would 9ygf wants to be had and ate everyday..? What are the differences between a martial artist and a fighter? And can martial artists who are not fighters fight? Why George's St. Pierre(GSP) Never Wants To Fight Anderson 🕷 Silva??? Afraid 😨 Of A Third Loss In His 😥 MMA Career?? arti kata N+1? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites