When attaching a mock suppressor to an airsoft gun...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Tyler Tyler
asked in
Sports Outdoor Recreation Other - Outdoor Recreation
·
7 years ago When attaching a mock suppressor to an airsoft gun...? is it required that the inner barrel run through the entire suppressor? For example, I was thinking of attaching a suppressor to my M4A1, but my inner barrel ends at the beginning of the bircage flash hider. Would it be possible to screw on a suppressor, without an extended inner barrel? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance josh 7 years ago Favorite Answer no, the inner barrel doesnt have to run thru the suppressor whatsoever, the only point in having an inner barrel go thru your suppressor would be for accuracy 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post daiz Lv
4 4 years ago thoroughly backing crafty right here on everyhting he stated, save for the undeniable fact that I even have not used Airsplat, in particular because of the fact of him. in basic terms had to declare that an AEG isn't, and heavily isn't as precise as a good bolt action (such because of the fact the BAR 10) with some advancements. For $4 hundred or so for internals, you additionally could make an AEG carry out heavily to an upgraded bolt action in terms of variety and accuracy. gas: in basic terms turn over the magazine, insert the nozzle on the canister into it, and push down firmly for some seconds at a time various cases till the magazine is completed. some gas sniper rifles additionally are bolt action, and overall performance in basic terms like spring ones. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How many times can I skydive without a parachute? 10 answers Is anyone else bored during lockdown? 5 answers Are hiking trails closed? 7 answers Is it too cold to go hiking without a hoodie when it’s 55 degrees and sunny? 7 answers tandem skydive ? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Hand reloading 9mm? I'm looking for a specific kind of knife? Is there an age requirement to buy archery supplies in CA? Rollerskates or rollerblades? What do Equestrian Nomads pack when they travel horseback ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites