Who is the greatest Yugoslavian in the NBA ever? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Fedor Emelianenko Fedor Emelianenko
asked in
Sports Basketball
·
8 years ago Who is the greatest Yugoslavian in the NBA ever? after African-Americans, Yugoslavs are hands down the second greatest in the sport By Yugoslavian I mean primarily Croatian and Serbian but also Bosnian Montenegrin and Slovenian In addition to the native players of the former Yugoslavia, American players of Yugoslav descent are to be included!!! 1. Pete Maravich - greatest college player ever 2. John Havlicek 3. Drazen Petrovic - best ever European-born in the NBA? 4. George Mikan - first big-man in the NBA 5. Kevin McHale, croatian mother 6. Peja Stojakovic 7. Gregg Popovich *Spurs' coach* 8. Toni Kukoc 9. Rudy Tomjanovich - 2nd pick 10. Kresimir Cosic
11. *Drazen Dalipagic & Mirko Novosel* (both in the hall of fame) 12. Jack Marin 13. Dan Majerle - American-Serb 14. Dino Radja 15. Andrew Bogut - Australian-Croatian, 1st pick
NBA draft 16. Gordan Giricek 17. Vladimir Radmanovic 18. Zeljko Rebraca 19. Nenad Krstic 20. Dejan Bodiroga - greatest player outside of the NBA? 21. Radivoj Korac 22. Darko Milicic - 2nd pick
NBA draft 23. Andy Tonkovic - American-Yugoslav, 1st pick
NBA draft 24. Steve Stipanovich - American-Croatian, 2nd pick NBA draft 25. Joe Lapchick - pioneer of the game, hall of fame 26. Dan Gadzuric, for being the first ever BLACK-YUGO in the NBA! in the next NBA draft, look out for Dario Saric and Mario Hezonja, the greatest youngsters in Europe today Update : :::: Havlicek's father is Czech, his mother is Croatian (maiden name Turkalj) Tomjanovich is 100% Croatian, Popovich is half Serbian/half Croatian. Maravich was from Pennsylvania and was a proud Serbian-American. Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Liberty Isn'T Conditional Lv
6 8 years ago Favorite Answer Culturally Pete Maravich is a southeastern American. Havlicek is American(I think his is a polish name). So I don't think you can count them. Tomjanovich, and Gregg Poppavich are in the same category.
So with that it has to be Drazen Petrovic. You have to grow up culturally in Yugoslavian basketball IN Yugoslavia to be considered a true Yugoslavian player. You're correct that there are A BUNCH of "..Ich-s" in the nba..lol 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post joette 4 years ago It's an era previous problem that many bettors are affected with all their lives. If you're able to afford to keep dropping month after month, then at least you can hold trying. But in fact, you are only trying in the useless hope that certain time you'll grab that huge win and every thing is going to be okay again and that you can just produce it just happened here
https://tr.im/h1Rnb
with Zcodes System. The support team rocks!; they hold the information fresh and up to date! That is not anything somebody just whipped together and determined to offer to whomever. That is meant for real activities investors and you will find 27 true persons behind this computer software that may generally respond to your help seats within 24 hours. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post AE101Supreme Lv
5 8 years ago The late Drazen Petrovic.
Even Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen claimed that he was a tough guy to cover - and tough to out-trash talk because he (Petrovic) could trash talk in 3 or 4 different languages. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago You forgot Vlade Divac. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in donald 4 years ago A lot of folks are seeking to gaming to resolve their economic problems, but when they lose they are just creating things even worse. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Lv
7 8 years ago Hedo turkoglu? Sasha vujacic? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Eddie H Lv
7 8 years ago V. Divac is the greatest. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you all remember how good Larry Bird was at 3's? 5 answers The Sacramento Kings said the phrase 'All lives matter' "do(es) not reflect our organization’s views and values." What does that mean? 11 answers Who are the best BLACK NBA players of all time? 6 answers When are NBA going to start again? I don t care of with or without public, don t you miss the enjoyment? 5 answers Do you think they should expand basketball to 7 on 7? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions IYO, Who was the greatest 90s NBA player(s) of all time? Which nba team has the most obnoxious fans ? Do you all remember how good Larry Bird was at 3's? How GREAT was Allen Iverson in his PRIME? Anyone here from a decade ago? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites