Why are shortstops and second basemen terrible hitters? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products - -
asked in
Sports Baseball
·
7 years ago Why are shortstops and second basemen terrible hitters? Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance King Cold Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer Robinson Cano Chase Utley Dan Uggla (from a few years ago) Troy Tulowitzki JJ Hardy Ben Zobrist Jose Reyes Jason Kipnis etc Generally, shortstop, second base, catcher, and to a lesser extent center field, favor defense over offense. That's mostly because they're more important defensive positions, there's a lot bigger difference between a good defensive shortstop and a bad one than there is between a good or bad first baseman. That's why you see more emphasis on defense at these positions. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago For a similar reason why pitchers are terrible hitters. Their # 1 job is to play defence, similar to a Defensive end in football, it's just in baseball, at least in the NL, you have to play on both sides of the ball.
As someone else said, there are rare gems that can play second or short and bat .300 and hit 40 home runs. Of course during the steroids era, shortstops and second basemen became great hitters, now we are getting back to the norm, which is a tell tell sign that there is much less steroid use then their used to be. Again in short, those two positions get paid mainly for what they can do with the glove.
Many young people who grew up during the second half of the 90's are wondering, what happened to all the great hitting shortstops? Welcome to the real game of baseball. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago There not terrible hitters. A good hitter doesn't need to be someone who hits home runs all the time. That for outfielders, and first and third basemen and catchers. Maybe shortstops and second basemen don't hit them out of the park all of the time, but they get on base and occasionally hit home runs. There are so many good hitters in those positions there is way to may to mention. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Michael 6 years ago Any pro hitter is a good hitter first off. They are playing at the highest level of baseball in the world...so they're good, period. And sure, they might not be clubbing 40 HR's and 120 RBI's, but they're not really suppose to. 1B and OF and 3B do that...but how are you defining a good hitter, by that? Or avg? Or as a good leadoff with a high obp and works the count to give other hitter oppurunities to see the pitcher. They're good, if you can, google the number of Cal Ripken, Roger Hornsby, Honus Wagner, and Ernie Banks. Then maybe you won't think that anymore. In a nutshell: they're good. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in How would I Know Lv
7 7 years ago They aren't always terrible hitters.
But they are very important defensive positions, so players with superior defensive skills tend to make the majors above poor fielders.
Shortstops who can't field but can hit tend to find their ways to other positions. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Luis 7 years ago Not completely true. They mostly focus on their defense. Look at Cano. I'm pretty sure we can agree he's an excellent second baseman, offensively. Moreover, look at J. Reyes. Then tell me if Second baseman and SS are terrible hitters. Pssh. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post jxhzut6156@sbcglobal.net Lv
7 7 years ago Not all of them are A great offensive and defensive SS or 2B man is a rare find. A great hitting SS or 2b man can get by with average defense as long as he hits well. However, a defensive genius at SS or 2B man is acceptable if he can hit at least .250. Examples would be Ozzie Smith, SS or a Bill Mazeroski at 2B. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ryan 6 years ago That's not true. Where do you get your info from? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Justin 7 years ago who said they were?
oh, you're from canada...
did you mean to ask why emilio bonafacio is always terrible? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are baseball players right that they should be paid in full or no? 6 answers Who cares about baseball? 16 answers What do you call it if a batter strikes out 6 times in a game? 7 answers Are players or owners more to blame for not reaching a compromise? 4 answers When is the MLB season starting? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions When is the MLB season starting? Are baseball players right that they should be paid in full or no? What distinguishes a good and bad manager?!? Are players or owners more to blame for not reaching a compromise? Who are the two Dodgers players to win the National League MVP in the 2010's and what year did they win the award? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites