george groves robbed of victory vs froch ..what a fix it was? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Doc(tracey) Lv
6 Doc(tracey)
asked in
Sports Boxing
·
7 years ago george groves robbed of victory vs froch ..what a fix it was? ok groves dominated froch from the first bell flooring froch heavily in the first .it was a man vs a boy and froch was the boy . froch was being used for target practise and he must now retire before he ends up with brain damage , to me this was one of the worse hometown robberies i have seen 20,000 people booed froch out of the arena ...i'm a little p1ssed because i bet on groves ...... Update : did you see the size of prince naz hamed ....he looked like when hatton would put on his fat suit Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer The ref was CLEARLY favouring Froch. Pathetic really. Groves was dominating Froch for the entire fight. He got rocked by a punch, but by no means out of it, however for some reason the dumba$$ ref decided to stop the fight (by getting groves in a headlock, which allowed Froch to get a few free hits to his ribs).
I wanted Groves to win as I didn't like Froch's attitude towards the fight. He was having a cry about Groves being 'disrespectful' when he himself acted the same way towards Calzaghe. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dave Lv
6 7 years ago Matchroom and sky sports are getting a bad reputation for corrupt decisions. First Burns vs Beltran, now this. I genuinely believe that the ref has been influenced to stop this fight in Carl's favour. If Carl was in Groves position in the 9th, NO WAY would the ref have jumped in and stopped the fight. It was the first time in the fight that Groves had been in trouble. He was firing shots back, trying to cover up and was not taking an unanswered flurry of shots, but the ref decided that the shots he took were worse than anything Froch had taken during the fight, which is just simply not true.
I'll always defend British boxing, and believe that the percentage of bad decisions in the UK compared to the USA or Germany, is very small. However when you get decisions like this, that are clearly the result of outside influence then you can see why fans in other countries think that you can't get a fair decision in the UK. Doc) Prince Nas looked like a ball. There was an interview with Eddie Hearn in the corridor after the fight and Nas came walking towards Eddie, and I thought it was a giant ball rolling towards him. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post TheShit-STOPPER 7 years ago Froch has never took such a beating in his entire career. He was getting wobbled, thrown off balance, smashed around, etc. He should have been stopped, yet his image of a 'granite chinned warrior' made the referee give him the benefit of the doubt. Yet Groves gets hurt just for a few seconds and the ref panics! It was bias, and there will be legal proceedings. In a rematch, I'd take Groves by KO in 3. Brutally. Froch is past it and Groves was the true winner, look at ALL the polls, EVERYONE had it as a crap decision to stop the fight. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ghazan Lv
6 7 years ago As much as I hate to say it British Boxing is the most corrupt
in all of sports Malik Scott gets a 9 count against Chisora from a flash knockdown. Beltran gets robbed against Burns. The ref CARRIES Cleverly back into the corner, even at one point appearing to SLAP away a Kovalev punch on Nathan. Groves getting stopped tonight at the first sign of getting hurt. There's more recent examples too which I can't quite remember. But before every big fight here, Im certain that the ref/judges will pull a stunt - and... they never let me down.
Some old classics too: Hatton's all-out dirt-fest against Kostya. Hatton being allowed to get his shoelaces tied when buzzed by Lascano. Froch vs Dirrell scorecards. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 7 years ago I don't know if it was fixed but the referee's judgement was shocking.
But what's all this about Burns losing to Beltran?
It was a close fight but Beltran didn't do enough to dethrone the world champion on the night.
At the end of the 12th I had it 114-113 for Burns.
Malik Scott?
Malik forgot how to count that night, you're meant to be off the canvas with your hands up before the ref reaches 10, he started climbing up at 9, that's too late, he lost fair & square.
He should have at least been on his knee at 9 but he weren't.
There was no problem with the refereeing there 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Carl froch should give George groves a rematch because the fight ended prematurely. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago To predict game results you can use some reliable softwares that compare the stats for you to find those repeating patterns and trends. You can win with a high degree of probability (86.5%). A good site with a reliable method that you can test for free is
http://sportbetting.toptips.org 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post i shook up the world! Lv
4 7 years ago the way it ended is about the most frustrating thing iv seen since iv been a boxing fan.its completly unnaceptable and i wouldn't be suprised if the ref was dodgy. still lets not forget how great this fight was.it was non stop action from start to finish and i enjoyed every second.foty for me and thats including provodnikov vs bradley 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rc Padake 5 years ago groves talk rubbish and got beaten again and his cockney mafia failed again 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Who will win Fury or Joshua? 6 answers Muhammed Ali the racist? 4 answers Do you think Floyd Mayweather in his prime would beat Deontay wilder? 5 answers Is George Floyd in heaven? 4 answers How do I crack a man's skull with one punch? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions John The Heat Verderosa vs Kenny Bang Bang Bogner in 1982-83 who wins? ? Scale one-20 who would wanna fight an aged Prime grounded still Dangerous Iron Mike Tyson ? Has sportscaster Jim Lampley ever been the top announcer for the network? How to spell poyzaniss? roy disney is a clone of george lucas? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites