harrow I-beam lacrosse shaft? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Sports Other - Sports
·
1 decade ago harrow I-beam lacrosse shaft? is the harrow i-beam lacrosse shaft any good? is it durible?do you own it? thanks Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance rico 1 decade ago Favorite Answer the shaft is pretty good, the narrow part is pretty good for cradling, ive had one for 2 years now, it scratches easily, it doesnt bend,snap,or dent, its like frickin indestructible!! so its pretty durable Source(s):
LAX PLAYER, 3 years of experience, ive owned a l-beam harrow 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I heard it is a really good shaft but personally i do not like how the shaft is indented. I don't own one but i used one for one game and hated it. Source(s):
LAX PLAYER 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why do bowling balls have 3 holes, not 5? 6 answers Do bowling balls have different sized holes? 4 answers Is 19 to old to start gymnastics? 5 answers What's a good sport for a 110 year old man? 22 answers Will the Coronavirus NFL cancellation last long enough for Saquan Barkely to turn free agent and sign with Baltimore Ravens? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Beginner gymnastics as a teen? ? Girls - what was your cheerleading uniform? The athletic club asked me if im a racist? Why is it that most people that jump high are muscular big guys not skinny guys? What is netball? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites