Could sean Taylor and Laron Landry become one of the greatest sfety tandems in the NFL? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Babi Boy Babi Boy
asked in
Sports Football (American)
·
1 decade ago Could sean Taylor and Laron Landry become one of the greatest sfety tandems in the NFL? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance goboltz71 1 decade ago Favorite Answer yes, they could become one of the best tandems. however, they wont become a great tandem if the redskins dont get a good pass rush. no matter how good your secondary is, you need a pass rush to put pressure on the QB 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Stephen J 1 decade ago Yes I hate to say it because I am a cowboys fan but Sean Taylor next to Wilson and Dawkins is the best safety in the NFC and Laron Landry has a lot of skill and he is young but I still hope the skins do bad this year like 1-15. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post TheElijahExpress 1 decade ago First, Lito Sheppard is not a safety. Second, to say that Roy Williams is a better safety than Brian Dawkins, is completely ridiculous. How many botched coverages have you seen from Roy? Too many. Roy Williams is only as good as the coverage underneath him. But Taylor and Landry will become one of the most hard hitting tandems in the league, I don't know about greatest. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post sunny m 1 decade ago 3rd best in the NFC East. 1. Dallas - Williams and Hamlin 2. Philly - Dawkins and Sheppard 3. Washington - Taylor and Landry. And to the idiot that said Shaun Taylor is the best safety in the NFL, he isn't.
1. Roy Williams 2. Brian Dawkins 3. That guy for New England 4. Shaun Taylor Just count the Pro Bowls 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago absolutely..with the addition of Landry's speed..pursuit..and field vision..to Taylor's already fearsome presence.. you'll see alot of recievers pull a "Pinkney" and have one eye over their shoulder and not on the ball.. (don't forget the addition of 4-5 other quality DBs to upgrade the defense will help Landry's transition be a quick one) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post BH Lv
4 1 decade ago ABSOLUTELY
Taylor is already the best safety in the NFC & if Landry steps up it could make them an awesome combiination 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post berrymary69 1 decade ago Yes, all they have to do is coexist with one another and Sean Taylor should keep his off the field issues clean 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It depends on how well they can pick up the diferent schemes offense's will use to split them. One inch off placement or step can mean getting beat deep down the field or letting your corners get hung out to dry 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions If the NFL allows kneeling during the National Anthem this year will you stop watching the games? 8 answers Would you boycott your team if they signed Kaepernick? 17 answers Is American the only nation where people are stupid enough to say Covid19 is a hoax? 6 answers Will you boycott the NFL? 17 answers So We Gonna See Players Kneel Now? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Better QB? Tom Brady or Roger Staubach? If the NFL allows kneeling during the National Anthem this year will you stop watching the games? Better QB? Tom Brady or Otto Graham? What was the fashion show 180.000 times the same in soundexchange and IFPI and also TAMPA BAY the record shop they hang a poster for a band? Anyone miss pro sports? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites