Which 2 of the following shortstops should i keep in my mixed head to head league? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products prankmunky prankmunky
asked in
Sports Fantasy Sports
·
1 decade ago Which 2 of the following shortstops should i keep in my mixed head to head league? Mike Aviles (off to a slow start), Jason Bartlett (hot start no pop), and Elvis Andrus... Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Milan59 Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I would keep hot start no pop. Elvis is a hot start, no experience. He will hit the wall just like Bonifacio just did. He may be the real thing but history shows us that most of those hot young guys just don't keep it up. Bartlett is a decent hitter anyway. 286 last year with 20 SB's isn't that bad for a SS. And you can count on him. And his lifetime BA against LH pitchers is .329. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm 25 is it worth it to start wearing sunscreen now? 9 answers Baseball or Football? 4 answers Is my sister right for not letting me use public transport due to Coronavirus? 5 answers SHOULD ESPN stop broadcasts since there are no sports? 5 answers when is super tuseday? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions mobileelectronicsinstallationtime? How was your week? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites