Will Case Keenum eviscerate the Chiefs stingy defense and lead the Texans to victory? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products D Sharp Lv
4 D Sharp
asked in
Sports Football (American)
·
7 years ago Will Case Keenum eviscerate the Chiefs stingy defense and lead the Texans to victory? By tonight, the Broncos will be the lone undefeated team in the NFL. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance DoReidos Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Sure.
Vick, Romo, Eli or any other QB so far couldn't eviscerate that pass defense but an undrafted QB taking his first NFL snaps in Terrorhead is going to.
Why not. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Legend 7 years ago Case Keenum is going to have a very, very rough day. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post 🎀Saint Liv🎀 Lv
6 7 years ago No. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Will you boycott the NFL? 15 answers Would you boycott your team if they signed Kaepernick? 10 answers Would you care if Collin Kaepernick played in the NFL again? 9 answers So We Gonna See Players Kneel Now? 7 answers Al Sharpton believes Colin Kaepernick should get his job back.  Is Al Sharpton now an expert on what it takes to be a NFL quarterback ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Which rookie QB will have the best career? Burrow, Tua or Herbert? What position does this man look like he would play in the nfl? Would you boycott your team if they signed Kaepernick? Can anyone name a single NFL player who says that Colin Kaepernick is not good enough to play in the NFL? Who do you think will sign Kaepernick? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites