Is shortstop not for beginners? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products - -
asked in
Sports Baseball
·
6 years ago Is shortstop not for beginners? I heard this position is hard but I really wanted to play that position for baseball in my adult club. I watch lots of MLB games but I don't know what makes a shortstop special, since I don't really look behind the scenes (commercials). Update : Also, I don't really like other positions to play. Update 2 : Also, I don't really like other positions to play. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance ? 6 years ago Favorite Answer To work on it, just practice fielding ground balls to the left, middle, and right. Work on throwing of different angles, and work on communication, as the shortstop is one of the leaders on the field. Play a lot of long toss to work on your arm strength and work on a quick catch-and-release for quick relays from the outfield and turning double plays, along with quick tosses to second for double plays. Source(s):
Playing shortstop for many years (still playing it) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Not as an adult
Shortstops
have
a lot of
responsibilities
to
their
fellow
infielders
and
to
their outfielders
where they're often
the
cut off
man Shortstops
have
to be able to cleanly field
some dog
fugly
ground
balls
and
then
accurately
throw it
to
the right base As a potential
SS
do
you
know the
difference
in
responsibility
between a 4-6-3 and a
6-4- 3 DP
? Shortstops
also
have to
be able to
get
out
into
short
LF
or CF
and catch
bloopers
It's a tough position
to
play
and
there's no
shame in
not being able
to do
it. If
you
want to
play
the infield then
begin at second base Good luck 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post MoneyMen Lv
7 6 years ago If you have a lot of experience playing infield than you'll probably be ok.
If not, you should seek out a position more suited to your skill set. In an adult league, SS is manned by one of the 2-3 top defensive players.
LF is also critical, as is 1B (since you'll get a lot of errant throws). 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ski Lv
4 6 years ago I'm pretty unathletic, but I have had no problems fielding any other position besides SS in pickup games. You gotta be very quick and decisive in all of your movements. A lot of balls get hit at the SS, so you have to be ready every play and know where you are going with the ball. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in FarOutside Lv
7 6 years ago Baseball skills, athleticism and a strong arm makes you a shortstop. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jake 6 years ago Why people say SS is hard is because they have to have a strong arm to make throws deep in the hole. They also have to have great range to because most grounders are hit in SS territory. This probably won't cause any problems for you in your league. If you want to play SS then go for it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are baseball players right that they should be paid in full or no? 6 answers Who cares about baseball? 16 answers What do you call it if a batter strikes out 6 times in a game? 7 answers Are players or owners more to blame for not reaching a compromise? 4 answers When is the MLB season starting? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions When is the MLB season starting? True or False: Felix Hernandez has posted at least one 20-win season in his MLB career and how many wins does he have in his MLB career? ? Who was the only Red Sox to win the American League MVP in the 1990's and what year did he win the award? ? Why do the Kansas city Royals always suck? In baseball, what is a "batter's eye?"? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites