In a match. who would win JR and Jerry lawler vs cena and batista? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Danny Z Danny Z
asked in
Sports Wrestling
·
1 decade ago In a match. who would win JR and Jerry lawler vs cena and batista? Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance hell-p-full Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer JR, not including Lawler,
would win in the 3rd minute of the fight. Minute 1:
Cena would go in first, but JR would limp around the ring avoiding a fight (because of his bad hip and arthritis). Minute 2: JR tags in Lawler, and the entire arena goes CRAZY with screams and woops.
The King hops into the ring and Cena, craven coward that he is, would backtrack to his corner and tag in Batista. Minute 3:
Batista rushes Lawler, but when just 10 feet from him, Lawler has a massive coronary (because he just turned 2,941,330 years old last week, and has been on a strawberry cream doughnut diet all this time). Batista and Cena both faint from the shock, and JR is the only one remaining standing, because he could not see Lawler pass out cause JR is being treated for cataracts in both eyes. True...story. 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post Jamie K 1 decade ago Ha! Come on. Look at the guys you're talking about! JR can't even move his face. Cena and Batista are both HUGE and would sweat that commentary team (no longer) right out of the ring. 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Lucy 1 decade ago Cena & Batista 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Cena and Batista, JR and King are both like 999 yrs old (no disrespect) 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Rated R Kennedy Fan Save Us 222! 1 decade ago If you are talking about using the most moves then JR and King would win hands down Hell Yeah! Source(s):
http://z11.invisionfree.com/World_Wrestling_Assc/i... 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Scream' 1 decade ago how about JR's bestfreind
Stone Cold "Steve Austin" stomp a mudhole in Cena & Batista's asses for JR and finish of with some stunners
OOOHHHHH HELLLL YEAAAAHHHH if you wana see Austin stunner Batista and Cena give me a HELL YEAH! 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post HBK Lv
5 1 decade ago JR alone could beat cena
with lawer they can beat those 2 without any trouble 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago JR & JERRY THE KING DURING THE MATCH BOTCHISTA WOULD HAVE A HEART ATTACK FROM HIS YEARS OF ROIDS AND THEN JR WOULD SOMEHOW KNOCKOUT CENA POOFTA WITH A WRISTLOCK 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post karl k Lv
6 1 decade ago depends on who was writing that episode. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions In his PRIME, how GREAT was Kurt Angle ? 4 answers Which of these companies do you think has the best female wrestling talent at the moment? WWE, AEW, Impact? 4 answers Is WWE partially scripted? 6 answers How would you guys improve the WWE product? 5 answers What wrestler do you think would make a good trainer? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What is your opinion on the much hyped controversial segment with Sheamus and Jeff Hardy on Smackdown Live? Why has Samoa Joe been a bust in WWE? What are some good Mitsuhara Misawa matches I should watch this weekend in remembrance of the 11th Anniversary of his in ring death? What do you like more: NXT or AEW? Was Mr. Kennedy a bad, average, good, or great worker/wrestler? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites