Is there such a thing as a recumbant tandem bike? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products megalomaniac Lv
7 megalomaniac
asked in
Sports Cycling
·
1 decade ago Is there such a thing as a recumbant tandem bike? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Brian Hammond 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Yes, as a matter of fact there are several different manufacturers and one of the more preferred ones is manufactured by a company called angeltech. They build a base model called the GLXD. It's an all aluminum structure with disk brakes (more weight one one bike requires better brakes for stopping) and high back seats. This is also one of the lightest tandem recumbents available at only 44 pounds.
The bike also uses high quality wheels from bontrager. They are specially designed for tandem applications.
You might also look at some of there other models. Their web site lists all of their available models, including a trailer ready model for the whole family. Source(s):
http://www.angletechcycles.com/ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post M V Lv
6 1 decade ago I've seen a few on the trail and always laugh my **** off...they are the goofiest looking things I've ever seen.
Why dont you people just stay in the car??? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post intrepidfae Lv
7 1 decade ago I have seen one in October this year, riding in the Seagull Century, Salisbury, MD. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post webfoot Lv
6 1 decade ago saw pictures in my adventure cycling mag my friend borrowed it last week because him and his wife are looking into 1 They were using it for touring it looked cool. You may be able to look it up at Adventure Cyclist website 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Chas. 1 decade ago Hi, yes, there is -- see link below. I cannot vouch for them -- I've neither ridden nor seen one (1) in real life. hth. REgards, Chas. Source(s):
http://www.bicycleman.com/recumbents/tandems/tande... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What's the best way to deal with "you should" people? 5 answers What bicycle should I buy? 4 answers Why is the media making Covid 19 a big deal but Cancer the flu and the common cold aren't? 12 answers Mountain bicycle or cruiser bicycle? ? 5 answers Which is a better choice for bikes? ? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Help me identify BMX frame? Which is better: coaster brakes or hand brakes on a bicycle? ? What type of bikes are the NYC Citi Bikes? ? Is it better to buy a bicycle at a Thrift Shop than buying one at a Big Box Store? Mountain bicycle or cruiser bicycle? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites