Why is Monaco considered a great course...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Thatguywiththecodes Lv
4 Thatguywiththecodes
asked in
Sports Motor Sports Formula One
·
1 decade ago Why is Monaco considered a great course...? when there's only one place to overtake properly... that being the main straight? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance d_leoncavallo 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Monte Carlo is a circuit, which as a driver you either love or either hate, there is no in-between. It has been the highlight of the season and has been the scene of some of the greatest moments in the history of the sport.
There was of course, the epic battle between Ayrton Senna and a very frustrated Nigel Mansell, during which the Englishman was held for a majority of the race in second behind the Brazilian and unable to overtake him. In 1988, during a year in which McLaren was in a league of their own, Ayrton Senna was leading his teammate Alain Prost by almost a minute and then lost control of his car and crashed in the barrier. Or even in 1984, when Senna, once again, a new comer at the time and under wet conditions, got a standing ovation when he flew to a second place finish when the race was prematurely brought to an end. Monaco is a very technical track, it is the only track where a driver can make the difference against the car and where even the fastest car will not necessarily ensure victory. It is a combination of high velocity straights, low speed turns and hairpins, as well as extremely technical chicanes. It only offers two real opportunities to overtake, in the Ste Devote corner and the Chicane (at the exit of the Tunnel). The track is only a few meters wide and is surrounded by a metal barrier, which can be fatal to the slightest driver error. Finally, despite its racing history prestige, it also holds a certain glamour and is considered the only remaining survivor of the Formula One Jet-set. The race itself is always a big gamble, for no result is ever decided in advance and the most unpredictable events can have dire or miraculous circumstances.
It is the only place on Earth which represents both Heaven and Hell simultaneously for a driver 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kyu-and-Ei Lv
4 1 decade ago Hmmm... Here's my personal opinion based on watching races there in the past and of course as well as on TV plus photos and magazine posts... One - Glamour; it is one heck of a racetrack located in one of the luxurious, glamorous, milk-and-honey filled places in the world. Two - Although I do agree with you about that single area where one can overtake, if the opportunity is given, but it takes luck to even have the opportunity to be there to overtake somebody... any one having to make a pass before the chicane after the main straight under severe late braking has to have some excellent braking skills! and Third - its one of the oldest locations to handle a race weekend... while other race tracks have been omitted thru the years. Monaco has remained like it's biased to the FIA... Need not wonder why... Source(s):
my two cents 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago 1. The tunnel.
2. It's a man's course - technical, narrow and dangerous.
3. The glamour of Monaco itself, but that doesn't mean anything to me. I have better things to do than envy people who own yachts bigger than my house.
A. On the other hand, little overtaking. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It's a great race because it is a test of concentration rather than overtaking. It's a welcome change to circuits with run off. Yes it is a little boring but one mistake and you're in the wall & your out of the race. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in AshleyMarie 1 decade ago i like it cuz it is a street course n it is really hard to win n like some1 else said if u make a little mistake u will be in the wall n done 4 the day. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Don't poke at it 1 decade ago It's a terrible, boring, slow course that relies on history & posers to stay on the F1 calender. The cars grew out of the circuit 30+ years ago but they'll never leave the spectacle of Monaco. 0 1 4 Login to reply the answers Post ariti 1 decade ago Because it is!!!!!!!! that simple!!!!! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the appeal of nascar? 11 answers Do you think Hamilton will move to Ferrari at the end of 2020 or will he be more likely to retire? 6 answers Is Lewis Hamilton in a bad place, or has his account been hacked...? 5 answers How are Formula One trophies designed? 4 answers One of the greats in F1, Niki Lauda, RIP? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions diferencia entre la autopoiesis, reproducción, regeneración y mitosis? What's ERA in Drag Racing Cars? F1 Mobile Racing? can you transfer F1 2017 career to 2018 F1 career? whats your nams? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites