Can you use a summer tent to camp in Late Fall? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Sports Outdoor Recreation Other - Outdoor Recreation
·
1 decade ago Can you use a summer tent to camp in Late Fall? Can you use a summer tent to camp in Late Fall weather in mid october, How can you make it keep heat in while sleeping in it? Update : I'm planning on possibly tenting out in Red Lake, Ontario Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance casey Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Tents do very little to keep you warmer.
If you encounter a snow storm you might have a problem.
Three season tents aren't designed for snow loads.
You might want to bring a tarp large enough to act as a rain-fly reaching all the way to the ground.
This will block wind and make the tent water-proof. You don't say where you are going.
Be aware of your elevation, just a couple of 1,000 feet can make a big difference in the temperatures this time of year. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How many times can I skydive without a parachute? 10 answers Is anyone else bored during lockdown? 5 answers Are hiking trails closed? 7 answers Is it too cold to go hiking without a hoodie when it’s 55 degrees and sunny? 7 answers tandem skydive ? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do i need to pack for horseback trekking the American Discovery Trail both ways ? (a 6 month solo horseback trek) with no pack mule? Is the Sketchers Go Walk 5 worth upgrading to from the 4? Is there an age requirement to buy archery supplies in CA? What do i need to pack for single horseback trekking through the American Discovery Trail both ways? ? Where to find the best guide to purchase the best paintball gun? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites