Western countries stealing Slavic talent. Long Live Serbia/Croatia.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Fedor Emelianenko Fedor Emelianenko
asked in
Sports Tennis
·
7 years ago Western countries stealing Slavic talent. Long Live Serbia/Croatia.? Serbia and Croatia have both won the Davis Cup in the last 10 years. Ivanisevic has made 4 wimbledon finals, winning in his last one. Djokovic has a wimbledon title also. All this in the last 10 years as well.
For two little countries, pound for pound, these are the greatest athletes. Ivanovic and Jankovic have both been ranked #1.
Monica Seles won 8 grand slams representing Yugoslavia, before the USA stole her, like they did Navratilova and Lendl.
Western countries stealing slavic talent. Petkovic is Serbian as well, sell-out represents Germany. Kristina Mladenovic, up and comer, represents France. She's Serbian. Switzerland stole Hingis, Slovak-born. Another slav. Iva Majoli of Croatia won roland garros, as did Ana Ivanovic.
Marin Cilic of Croatia is in the top10. As is Serbian Tipsarevic. Troicki top15. Raonic is another Montenegrin stolen by Canada. Bernard Tomich, Croat stolent by Australia. Jelena Dokic at her peak had the sense to represent Serbia instead of Australia. Stosur and Molik of Australia = polish ancestry. Wozniacki, Wozniak = Polish, representing Canada/Denmark Kerber and Lisicki = Poles, representing Germany For God's sake, the UK tried to steal Novak Djokovic in the beginning. Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Matt Lv
5 7 years ago Favorite Answer Maybe if you hadn't had that little issue with the genocide young families wouldn't have left the country in the interests of self preservation. I could tell you many stories about the hell that occurred during this time. But since you are asking this from yahoo Canada I'd venture a guess that you left that disaster as well yourself as the Serbians raped their way through Bosnia (literally) maybe it's time to throw away the sad idea of genetic superiority and accept that this corner of the world is a disaster that even you decided to escape from. 1 0 0 George 7 years ago Report All Europeans –– Slav or not are my friends! If you are White European regardless of tribe, we should see them as brothers and sisters! The media is not on our side... Login to reply the answers Post bramblette Lv
6 7 years ago The whole world is becoming cosmopolitan. I think it's great to know that there are so many good Slavic tennis players but you can't accuse other countries of stealing them. Especially if they were born in these countries. Since I'm Polish I'm going to comment on Poles. Stosur and Molik were born in Australia and trained there. Wozniak and Wozniacki were respectively born and trained in Canada and Denmark. Kerber and Lisicki were born in Germany and trained there, too. As long as they don't reject their origin, I think it's acceptable that they represent countires in which they were born, educated and their talents were mastered. I can't be bothered to look up information about every single player you mentioned but all of them are individuals who decided to represent a given country. I bet in most cases, they simply chose the country of birth or the country in which they could get a proper training.
And it's their choice, not a matter of stealing.
There are good Polish tennis players who were born and trained in Poland, like Radwańska, Janowicz or
Kubot - don't forget about them 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Steve Lv
4 7 years ago So what's your question....? Can you blame countries like the UK trying to steal your talent (and yes I agree there is so much of it, you left out players like Ljubicic who is a legend), have you see the state of the players after Andy Murray, they all play in Futures tournaments every week and are nowhere near the grade that is expected for a country that spends millions on tennis. If you can't grow your own food at home, you go and buy it from the market or store right? Well that's pretty much like tennis talent, the countries with money can't make the stars at home so they get the ready made ones from abroad and entice them over. I don't agree with it but that's sport these days. Yes loads of these players do dessert their country of origin to represent other countries, but even though this happen you STILL have won the Davis cup, so it can't be all that bad right? But hey you get to keep Ivan Dodig.... 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Diane 7 years ago You should check out the Australian National Football Team. Galekovic Ognenovski Franjic Jedinak Rogic Dulbic Spiranovic Rukavytsya 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 4 years ago Your premise is questionable, you should have provide some source for our stated assumptions. As to living longer --- most European cultures are very homogeneous ethnically speaking. Most European do not travel via auto the normal number of miles that even the poorest American travels annually. It is difficult to travel 960 km (about 500 mi) within most European countries. Traffic accidents are a major killer in the USA and that is a function of distance traveled. Healthier is a subjective aspect. Hungarian have a high rate of suicide per capita. Italian men live with their mothers until their late 30's. People work less because they produce less and taxed more --- So the old Soviet quip is in effect "We pretend to work and they pretend to pay us." 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post George 7 years ago No one's putting a gun to their heads saying "You must play for Canada/Australia/America." THEY CHOSE to come to these Western countries, O-K! Just like a non Slav Boris Becker is now coaching a Slav Novak Djokovic. Same with David Taylor who is also reportedly coaching Slav Serbs... No one is telling these people to coach Slavs.... They are free to do what they want! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post JasonAmazing Lv
5 7 years ago They are NOT stealing. They are buying. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Would Nadal have 20 slams by now if the French was played ? 7 answers Now that wimbledon plays as slow as clay has it lost its prestige it is the same as all the other surfaces? 6 answers Why did they slow down all the surfaces. The us open was so slow it was ridiculus. Hard to belive its the same surface sampras played on? 5 answers Is it weird for a kid to play tennis during high school? 10 answers Which is easy learning dancing or learning tennis? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Will Genie Bouchard win a grand slam in her career? What does the plunger represent? What is Novak Djokovic's Blood Type? Federer says he won't be playing again (in matches) until next year because of ongoing injury/surgery to a knee.? xenoverse 2 siabamen  character ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites