Juggling to get on Varisty Soccer Team? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products kobi q kobi q
asked in
Sports Football (Soccer) Other - Soccer
·
1 decade ago Juggling to get on Varisty Soccer Team? My name is Kobi. im 14 and im about to be a freshman at a prep school.
Im a football and soccer player. shoudl i play football ro soccer? and if i choose soccer, do i HAVE to know how to juggle to get on the higher teams? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance mexicano700 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I'm about to become a junior and I've been on varsity for two years. I never once was made to juggle a ball although when your waiting for practice to start some players get in circles and juggle the ball around. But at least in my team there was never a test to show you could juggle. They check you more on speed, footwork, shot power, aggressiveness, and being able to pick your head up and give a good pass. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago If you mean by juggle do you have to be able to be good at keepie-uppie then no watch a real game and you'll hardly ever see anyone juggling, plus to the rest of the world soccer is football it's only in the U.S. that it isn't so pick the worlds favourite sport unless you are really good at American Football and have a chance of making it as a pro 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post dryheatdave Lv
6 1 decade ago Absolutely NOT. Brian Clough (perhaps the greatest manager/coach ever) said - the fastest way to move the ball, is to PASS it. When Brazil play in any game that matters, they move the ball with 1-touch football. Occassional magic is very dramatic. But it's passing that moves the ball.
P.S. I played full-back. So I still prefer to watch a well-timed tackle than any fancy footwork :-)
P.P.S. Terry Butcher played for England 77 times. He was painfully slow, even as a defender. BUT it doesn't matter how slow a defender is, if they read the game well enough to be where they need to be, in time to make the play. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post DL 1 decade ago play which you're better in .. juggling is pointless in soccer .. i know people then can juggle for hours and have no skilll at all .. you need speed , strength , skills , and a hard shot then you will make varsity 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in dcnmanufan 1 decade ago well im about to be a senior in high school and i will be a four year varsity player after this year. i would say no but you defiantly need a good first touch, speed and good awareness good luck kid 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is your favourite football/soccer team? 11 answers when was world cup soccer played in US? 5 answers Is Germany better at football/soccer than USA? 9 answers Why do British people think only Americans call it soccer? 10 answers Soccer is growing in America but the it would never be a champion unless it changes its culture? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who is the best soccer player in the world? Who are Russia's/USSR's rivals in football? How many clubs from Ukraine and Russia do you know and who is the best of them? Any ideas ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites