Quite clumsy, little deterity.. juggling and soceer? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Sports Football (Soccer) Other - Soccer
·
10 years ago Quite clumsy, little deterity.. juggling and soceer? Alright so in gym class part of our term one is going to
be evaluated on a soceer warm up routine and how much you can juggle- the best of the two being taken for the grade.
Also I am pretty clumsy in general and have little dexterity. Also I hate soceer although can live through it. Which should I practice more and how could I get better? Tips, tricks anything welcome. Update : typo.. dexterity i mean lol Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Prof. Gödel Fishbreath, Otter Lv
6 10 years ago Favorite Answer Practice works. All those hotshots have put in a large amount of hours. There are so many that likely not only know the soccer warmup but have been doing it since very young that you should go for the juggling. Find some thing, bean bags, small balls,
what ever you can find fast and get an internet video (there are also juggling books at library and
at toy stores where juggling balls are sold) and go for an intense amount of practice, Please do not put your self down for all the fails, but praise your self for any success at all. And if you can, bring your juggling stuff to class. One thing that teachers wish that they would get and almost never do, is a kid that knows they
have a problem and is willing to put in the time to help solve it.
So go talk to your teacher about after school practice and about maybe taking the school's juggling balls (oor what ever) home, at least 3 of them. If you should exceed expectations and go for 4 thngs,
throw something else into the mix to impress.
You will impress your teacher with your dedication (and remember to follow through and really practice every unassigned waking moment) and that alone might help.
Or at least check ouit the teacher's idea of where everyone is on juggling, and if you would have a chance. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Antoinette Lv
4 4 years ago I can juggle and I'm clumsy talk about talented 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago for the routine, start with small touches and then make them bigger and faster. as for juggling, start of by dropping the ball directly on your foot or thigh and just hit it back up to your hands... then proceed to hit the balls twice and back up to your hands increasing the juggles as you get used to it. good luck 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is your favourite football/soccer team? 11 answers when was world cup soccer played in US? 5 answers Is Germany better at football/soccer than USA? 9 answers Why do British people think only Americans call it soccer? 10 answers Soccer is growing in America but the it would never be a champion unless it changes its culture? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How many clubs from Ukraine and Russia do you know and who is the best of them? Who is the best soccer player in the world? Who are Russia's/USSR's rivals in football? Any ideas ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites