Question about a 40X60 tent? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Nina Nina
asked in
Sports Outdoor Recreation Other - Outdoor Recreation
·
8 years ago Question about a 40X60 tent? I am renting a 40X60 pole tent for a wedding reception, was wondering if I could fit 24 60" round tables and 3 8' rectangle tables under it? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance HyperDog Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer The tent covers 2400 square feet.
A 60" round table probably needs an extra couple of feet all around it for chair space and for guests and servers to walk around them.
So I would count on each table occupying a 9 foot diameter circle.
A 9 foot circle has a 4.5 foot radius and the area = Pi * 4.5^2
(3.14 * 20.25) = 63.6 sq ft.
If we ignore the wasted space between circles, you should be able to fit as many as 37 tables under the tent.
So there should be ample space with only 24 of them, and that will leave plenty of space for the rectangular tables. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Julie 4 years ago Warm in winter and cool in summer Himin solar tent is available for you to choose!In the winter can reach more than 30 degrees Celsius ,Maybe you do not buy ,but you can get to know about its technology.www.himin.com\Juliexie236@yahoo.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How many times can I skydive without a parachute? 10 answers Is anyone else bored during lockdown? 5 answers Are hiking trails closed? 7 answers Is it too cold to go hiking without a hoodie when it’s 55 degrees and sunny? 7 answers tandem skydive ? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do i need to pack for single horseback trekking through the American Discovery Trail both ways? ? What do i need to pack for horseback trekking the American Discovery Trail both ways ? (a 6 month solo horseback trek) with no pack mule? Rollerskates or rollerblades? Where to find the best guide to purchase the best paintball gun? Pocket knife question? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites