Karlovic holds ALL service records? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Fedor Emelianenko Fedor Emelianenko
asked in
Sports Tennis
·
7 years ago Karlovic holds ALL service records? not fair that he is not recognized as such. he is the greatest server of all time.
78 aces in a match. mahut and isner have 103 and 113 aces, but this was in the longest match ever.
Karlovic set records first with 51, then 54 and finally 78! Roddick`s fastest serve was beaten by Karlovic with 156. Roddick`s was 155. Meanwhile Montenegrin Raonic got a 153.3.
Again Groth appears first tho. with a highly questionable 163 that ATP does not recognize (rightfully so). Karlovic also has the fastest second serve.
Karlovic has 1318 aces in a season, second-best next to fellow Croatian`s Ivanisevic 1477. Karlovic, Ivanisevic, Ljubicic, Raonic. All from the same area. former Yugoslavs are the best!! Update : Justdoit: Ljubicic was ranked 3rd, and he made the semis at Roland Garros. Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Flatbed Scanner Lv
4 7 years ago Favorite Answer karlovic, ivanesivic, ljubicic and raonic are not from the same era. get your facts straight. karlovic has no game. great server obviously, but once in a rally.... no hope. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Juventus 7 years ago Yes Karlovic is the greatest and fastest server of all time. such a great player. Jugoslavs are the beasts physically. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post JustDoit Lv
7 7 years ago If you say so.
if serving was a Grand Slam title, then we can talk about it. Unfortunately it is only part of the game. Among those only one has a GS crown on him - others have no record even been to qtr finals, let alone semis and finals. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Matt Lv
5 7 years ago Time to stop clinging to a nation that has not existed in 20 years. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Would Nadal have 20 slams by now if the French was played ? 7 answers Now that wimbledon plays as slow as clay has it lost its prestige it is the same as all the other surfaces? 6 answers Why did they slow down all the surfaces. The us open was so slow it was ridiculus. Hard to belive its the same surface sampras played on? 5 answers Is it weird for a kid to play tennis during high school? 10 answers Which is easy learning dancing or learning tennis? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is Maria Sharapova worthy of any respect? Federer says he won't be playing again (in matches) until next year because of ongoing injury/surgery to a knee.? xenoverse 2 siabamen  character ? Told Male Tennis Coach About Period Cramps Today...Very Awkward? What is Novak Djokovic's Blood Type? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites