Taking WSI (Water Safety Instructor) course next week, what to expect? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Brett Brett
asked in
Sports Swimming & Diving
·
10 years ago Taking WSI (Water Safety Instructor) course next week, what to expect? what do you do in the course? do you teach yourself? is it the same as awsi? do you have to volunteer also? any info on the course would be appreciated Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance stew575 Lv
6 10 years ago Favorite Answer Newly revised Water Safety Instructor Training. Through video and hands-on skill building, the course includes all the water safety and drowning prevention tools and information needed to plan and conduct courses in American Red Cross Swimming and Water Safety program, including Parent and Child Aquatics, Preschool Aquatics, Learn-To-Swim, Longfellow's WHALE Tales, Safety for Swim Coaches, six water safety presentations and two water safety courses.
Hours : 32 (including precourse session) 35 (including precourse session & FIT)
Prerequisites : Minimum of age 16 by end of course. Fundamentals of Instructor Training (FIT) course. Successful completion of precourse session, consisting of tests of water safety and swimming skills and knowledge. Newly revised Water Safety Instructor Training. Through video and hands-on skill building, the course includes all the water safety and drowning prevention tools and information needed to plan and conduct courses in American Red Cross Swimming and Water Safety program, including Parent and Child Aquatics, Preschool Aquatics, Learn-To-Swim, Longfellow's WHALE Tales, Safety for Swim Coaches, six water safety presentations and two water safety courses.
Hours : 32 (including precourse session) 35 (including precourse session & FIT)
Prerequisites : Minimum of age 16 by end of course. Fundamentals of Instructor Training (FIT) course. Successful completion of precourse session, consisting of tests of water safety and swimming skills and knowledge. Water Safety Instructor Text: Water safety Instructor Manual
Click here to download "PowerPoint viewer"(once on the download page, type in "PowerPoint") Prerequisites of the course: 1.
Be at least 16 years of age 2.
Possess a current Fundamentals of Instructor Training Certificate 3.
Pass 12 (twelve) Skills Tests in swimming including the following strokes
25 yards of crawl, back crawl, sidestroke, breaststroke, and elementary backstroke; 15 yard butterfly, and a standing dive 4.
Reaching assist, throwing assist, head splint technique, wading assist, long shallow dive and
retrieve brick at least 9 feet deep 5.
Tread water for 1 minute Source(s):
http://faculty.ccri.edu/ksalisbury/watersafety.sht... 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post stephani 4 years ago If you want to learn the actual life self protection then you need this program
https://tr.im/JFRx2
, the Patriot Self Defense program. This amazingly unique self-defense offer include all you need, all the essential mental techniques and activity measures that you have to know and take before it' too late in order to recognize a potential enemy, prepare yourself to endure a surprise strike while removing desperate and severe efforts on your lifetime in seconds. The Patriot Self Defense is the best on line plan for defense. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Crouse 3 years ago 1 Source(s):
Home Defence Course
http://netint.info/UltimateSelfDefenseGuide/?yZdd 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what are the benefits of swimming/? 8 answers Why do swimmers shave their legs? 7 answers do all men wear underwear underneath their swimming trunks? ? 8 answers will pool chlorine kill the coronavirus? 5 answers Is bikini dress is required for learn swimming? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I am going to be starting a very physical, outdoor summer job while home from college. What are some tips to avoid heat stroke? does swimmers ear go away without treatment? Intex pool question ? how soon can you swim after adding Cyanuric Acid in the pool water? How do you wash your Bikini or Speedo or other swimsuits after you have finish wearing it? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites