Who would be the shortstop for the American League in the 2016 MLB All-Star Game? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Rostum Lv
4 Rostum
asked in
Sports Baseball
·
4 years ago Who would be the shortstop for the American League in the 2016 MLB All-Star Game? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Megan 4 years ago Favorite Answer Carlos Correa, but it's the fan's choice so maybe Escobar. The lineup last year was pretty much all from KC. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago If Manny Machado wasn't splitting time between short and third he probably would deserve it but since he is I think Xander Bogaerts should get it. Who knows what the fans will do though. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Deano Lv
7 4 years ago Xander bogarts 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are baseball players right that they should be paid in full or no? 6 answers Who cares about baseball? 16 answers What do you call it if a batter strikes out 6 times in a game? 7 answers Are players or owners more to blame for not reaching a compromise? 4 answers When is the MLB season starting? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do the Kansas city Royals always suck? True or False: Felix Hernandez has posted at least one 20-win season in his MLB career and how many wins does he have in his MLB career? ? Who are the two Dodgers players to win the National League MVP in the 2010's and what year did they win the award? ? Are baseball players right that they should be paid in full or no? Who was the only Red Sox to win the American League MVP in the 1990's and what year did he win the award? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites