Any NASCAR people watching the Indy 500 or Monaco GP? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products michael Lv
5 michael
asked in
Sports Motor Sports NASCAR
·
7 years ago Any NASCAR people watching the Indy 500 or Monaco GP? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance jeremy.isley 7 years ago Favorite Answer I did. I watched the Monaco GP, went to church, came back home, and then watched the Indy 500. LOL. Now I'm going to jump into watching the 600 at around 7:30 or 8:00, since it's a little boring for the first 100 laps or so. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post luvspbr2 Lv
6 7 years ago Yes, I am watching the Indy 500 and quite enjoying it. I love all the history and stories lines with this exciting race and try to watch each yr.-L 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Robin From Hamburg - Michigan Fan From Germany Lv
6 7 years ago i watched the monaco gp and i am watching the indy 500 now. however, i won't be able to watch nascar. f*** time difference. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post SRΛSC Lv
7 7 years ago I did. Congrats to Nico & Tony. Hopefully Jeff would be one of the 3 winners later tonight (or could be early tomorrow based on the delay). 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 7 years ago I hate races that end under caution. If the Indy would have stayed green I think it would have ended different. 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post nas88car300 Lv
7 7 years ago Yes
I wish INDY had
G/W/C finish
i hate races that finish under yellow 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Larry E Lv
7 7 years ago Sure am. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what about NASCAR banning the Confederate flag? is that a good decision or must more sh*t stirring? why? 5 answers Is banning the confederate flag from all NASCAR events necessary or overkill? 5 answers Who else is proud of Nascar for doing their part to honor George Floyd and Civil Rights? ? 5 answers Do you think Kyle Larson will ever commit to his sensitivity training and get back into NASCAR  ? 5 answers Where Would You Rank Jeff Gordon Among The Greatest Drivers In The Entire History Of Nascar? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Should we boycott NASCAR? Can you name any “BLACK” NASCAR Drivers??? ? What do you think about NASCAR driver, Ray Cicarelli quitting because NASCAR has banned Confederate flags? Is he a racist? How do you feel about NASCAR banning the Confederate flag at events (please include what such a flag represents to you within your answer)..? was banning the confederate flsg from nascar the right thing to do? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites