What would be the best 4 Season Tent, built for harsh winter conditions to buy? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Sports Outdoor Recreation Camping
·
10 years ago What would be the best 4 Season Tent, built for harsh winter conditions to buy? I would like this tent to be: - As spacious as possible, therefore the tent should fit 3-4 (or more) people. - Be waterproof, rain and snow proof and be operable in both summer and winter conditions. - Should have a good ventilation system and places to store equipment off the ground. - Should be either white, black or camo coloured on the exterior (preferably). - Should be well insulated and made of durable materials. - Should not exeed the price of $1,000.
- Should be wind resistant and able to withstand high and low temperatures ranging from:
(+35C)
<------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------> (-35C) - Floor should be well insulated. Try and find a tent, or a few options with as many of those requests/requirements as possible. The person with the best response will be rewarded with the best answer :) Please provide website links to stores where these tents can be purchased as well. Thank you for your time :). Jim Update : No sarcastic comments please, that is not helpful.. :/ Answer Save 17 Answers Relevance chris Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer The toughest tents in that category are canvas outfitter tents, you can add a wood stove for heating and be as toasty warm as in a regular home as another suggested. These will push your price window. http://www.walltentshop.com/MtCantent.html One brand that will not be pushing the price window (under $300) is Coleman there are a couple of designs they have that have stay dry guarantees and will last many seasons. http://www.coleman.com/coleman/ColemanCom/category... Mid range priced gear 300-500 gives you many options with many different designs. As a supplier Recreational Equipment Incorporated (REI) has many to choose from including their own tent designs, of those the toughest (with great reviews) is the REI base camp six. http://www.rei.com/product/777755 Winter camping is a challenge and there are many ways to stay warm without breaking the bank with diet, proper tent design, choice of gear and tent site selection to name a few. Here is a great link on winter camping; http://www.princeton.edu/~oa/winter/wintcamp.shtml Source(s):
Been there done that a lot
Retired Scoumaster and Camp Director 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Cody Lv
6 10 years ago Unfortunately, what you are asking for simply does not exist...but there are some good options out there for you.
4-season tents are quite expensive and are not spacious by any means.
Keep in mind that most 3-4 person 4-season tents are more like 2-3 person tents.
So if you want something spacious you will need to go much larger.
Also, tents have very little insulating capabilities for either the walls or floors, as they are only made to protect you from the elements.
To insulate a tent you will need to bring sleeping pads for the floor and wear an insulated coat and use a quality sleeping bag to stay warm (which will cost you $500-$800 for something that can handle -35C temps).
Tents will also not have many places to store things off the ground, except for a few mesh pockets or possibly a gear loft (mesh net near ceiling), but these are quite small in most cases.
Almost all 4-season tents are brightly-colored and I have never seen a camo one.
Also keep in mind that condensation is almost always a problem in tents in cold weather conditions, particularly with any humidity in the air, but some tents do have better ventilation than others. Also, it is important to know how you will be using this.
Will you need to carry it anywhere?
If so, weight and size are a major issue. The following are a couple of your options, in increasing order by price (but not necessarily quality or optimum fit for your needs): Big Agnes Flying Diamond 8 (8 person): 175" x 96" floorspace, good headroom, 27 lbs ($600) Mountain Hardwear Trango 4 (4 person): 106" x 99" floorspace, ok headroom, 13 lbs ($725) Bibler Bombshelter (4 person): 90" x 80" floorspace and minimal headroom, 9 lbs ($800) MSR Stormking (5 person): 120" x 120" floorspace and ok headroom, 13 lbs ($1000) Marmot Lair (8 person): 156" x 156" floorspace and good headroom, 26 lbs ($2000) North Face Dome (8 person): 155" x 155" floorspace and good headroom, 51 lbs ($5000) Good luck. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post azula Lv
4 4 years ago Best 4 Season Tent Source(s):
https://shorte.im/a749H 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago For this important investment I would find some different models on REI
and other places like that and narrow them down by what you need and then check reviews from people who have bought them and by outdoor reviewers you can find . It's hard to buy a bad tent when you go higher end but their are some better than others and some offer better value. Big Agnes , Marmot, Nemo, North Face,
Sierra Design or MSR are good ones.
Amazon also carries many of these and have a lot of reviews from users . REI is higher priced than most so check around. Also, those color schemes might be a challenge as most tent flys for 4 season will be
like a yellow or olrange color . 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 6 years ago Discover now the best sport betting system:
http://sport-betting-tips.checkhere.info Too many people think of sports betting as just something they do in their past time. However, many people can see the potential that exists if you manage to have the right sports betting strategy and correct approach to betting in general. Are you sick of losing? Interested in finding out how to turn your luck around? Do you want to know which sports betting strategies stand to help you make the most from your betting?
Any good strategy should allow you to place bets based on a systematic method. Of course there is always a random element or so called luck involved, but betting is all about stacking the odds in your favor. There should be no guess work involved or bets placed based on gut feelings. Betting is a business and it should be treated like one. Any money you use for betting needs to be separate from money you use for your daily life or anything else. How can you possibly expect to follow a strategy with money that was originally set aside to pay next week's rent with? You can't. This will help you to focus on the task of betting and remove any emotional strings attached to the money.
So what makes a good strategy or what should you look for in a strategy before you decide to implement it? Any good strategy needs to have a positive expectancy. This means that in the long run you will win. The hit rate of the strategy needs to be above 50% for you to be able to profit in the long run. An ideal win rate should be between 60 to 70%, because you will need to cover the fees and other expensive associated with betting. Is it feasible to expect you'll be able to find a system that has a 100% win rate? No, it isn't. The best you can do is find a system that has a positive expectancy and stick with it. In the long run you will make more money than you can possibly lose.
Keep whatever information and news you have about the teams as up to date as possible. Any changes in the teams makeup or factors that affect how the players play will great affect the potential outcome of a match. Make sure that you are constantly up to date on every aspect that affects the potential outcome of a match. Information is the key to winning at sports betting. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post tommyb922011 10 years ago I'll suggest a few of expedition level tents under $1000 they are probably as close as you can get to what you want, but i would definitely suggest pairing with an expedition level sleeping bag. I'll suggest a few of those too. Keep in mind these are on site prices for all. A quick google shopping search may give you a slightly better price. Tents -Mountain Hardwear: Trango 4 $725 -Black Diamond BombShelter 4 $800 -MSR Stormking $1000 -SierraDesigns Polar Tunnel $1000* Sleeping Bags(All are rated about -30f or below since you said your extremes were to -31F(an you'll have a tent)) These might be overkill, but you will not be cold. -Western Mountaneering Bison(-40F) $835* -Feathered Friends Snow Goose (-40F) $850 -Feathered Friends Snowy Owl (-60F) $990 -Mountain Hardwear Ghost SL (-40F) $680 -North Face Inferno (-40F) $660
As i said these bags may be a bit overkill but, the brands that I listed for them make probably the best sleeping bags on the market(that I know of). I would definitely trust them in the heavy cold which you think you'll be in. Hope these suggestions help out. *My Top Picks 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post MountainMan Lv
7 10 years ago You have the concept of tent confused with the concept of housing complex.
Your tent is not what needs to be insulated.
Your down sleeping bag alone is going to cost you about $500.
You better be looking for a cheap four-season tent, so you can afford to fill it with your insulation requirements. The North Face Nova sleeping bag, rated for 0° is $459. Source(s):
http://www.sierradesigns.com/c-21-4-season.aspx
http://cascadedesigns.com/msr/tents/expedition-ten...
http://www.backcountry.com/the-north-face-nova-sle... 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Scott Lv
7 10 years ago Aside from the standard canvas wall tents, this tent is one I have been drooling over and may meet most of your needs, especially if equipped with the stove! I have seen these in use and they are impressive. The only downside, for me, is minor...the center pole. But it is also the center pole that gives it much of its strength. One of the few large options that has an attached floor too. Here you go... http://www.cabelas.com/product/Camping/Tents/View-... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 4 years ago If you want to understand the real life home protection you then require the program
https://tr.im/F4Z3u
, the Patriot Self Defense program. That extremely distinctive self-defense package contain all you need, all the fundamental psychological strategies and action measures that you need to know and take before it' also late in order to recognize a possible attacker, prepare yourself to endure a surprise assault while removing eager and violent attempts on your lifetime in seconds. The Patriot Self Defense is the better online program for defense. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Charisse 4 years ago Always start your meal that has a salad. It'll fill you up, making you eat less on the actual meal, and it's technique fewer calories than typical deep-fried or maybe cheesy apps. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (7) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How do you (you personally) camp? In a tent or in a cabin? 5 answers If you’re camping, how do you legally urinate? 5 answers Is anyone familiar with living in the forest? 7 answers What do you like to do camping or the beach? 10 answers Do you camp during winter? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Camping in Northern California? Can you wild camp in bonaly reservoir? Nature Encounter? Trip to Yellowstone National Park: what if there’s no campsites? Father wants to go camping?I don’t because of the virus? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites