Which TNA wrestler are you a bigger fan off? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? Lv
7 ?
asked in
Sports Wrestling
·
10 years ago Which TNA wrestler are you a bigger fan off? AJ Styles or Samoa Joe? and why? Answer Save 12 Answers Relevance Rassling Fundamentals Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer Samoa Joe is a scary intimidating figure.....AJ Styles is a great baby face but they never booked him right outside of the greatness that was 2005-2006. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post AMIE™[CCFC] Lv
6 10 years ago I like Samoa Joe, but AJ Styles was kinda like the Cena of TNA so I guess I just connected with him more. I also love Aj Styles whole persona and his moveset is awesome. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post tex Lv
5 10 years ago Samoa Joe 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 10 years ago Samoa Joe Because He Is Good Wrestler . 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in C-Med21 Lv
5 10 years ago AJ Styles, for some reason I never liked Joe 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Candle Lv
7 10 years ago AJ Styles.
Regardless to how miffed he may be at the boys in the back, he doesn't let it affect his ring work.
His in-ring performance never fails to impress, regardless to who he's in the ring with.
The kid's a main eventer.
Joe...Joe lately has had his nights where I can tell he's phoning it in.
Joe's great when he's inspired and in good enough shape to move, but lately I haven't seen much of that. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
4 10 years ago Joe ... i think he has been consistent through his TNA career - he still has the power and intensity and violence he started with and possibly a more expanded move set. I thought Styles was awesome earlier in his career - his springboard 450 made Gabriels top rope version look weak - but he has been booked badly recently with more story line and less wrestling. Ok he probably finds some of the high risk moves harder to do as he gets older and more injured (as all wrestlers do) ... but unfortunately i don't care - i want to see the old high flying dare devil Styles. That said he is still one of the best in the business today and could still put on a match of the year with any half decent opponent. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Jburgh20 Lv
5 10 years ago Samoa Joe because hes badass and don't take **** from anybody and is a one man army.
Hes a great technical wrestlers with great mic skills. Source(s):
Also a fan of d'angelo dinero, mr anderson, rey mysterio, kurt angle, and morrison 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
4 10 years ago Samoa Joe I Love Violence 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♥NiyaRKO♥ Lv
5 10 years ago AJ Styles - Have always like his ring abilities 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (2) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions In his PRIME, how GREAT was Kurt Angle ? 7 answers Which of these companies do you think has the best female wrestling talent at the moment? WWE, AEW, Impact? 5 answers Is WWE partially scripted? 7 answers If trump bans chokeholds, what will happen to the WWF? 4 answers How would you guys improve the WWE product? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What wrestling games was professional wrestler Trish Stratus in? what wrestling games was professional wrestler stacy keibler in? Where's Jeff? WWE Universe Mode Fantasy PPV: Backlash '20: Who would win this match card? + WQ Inside? WWE (2000s) Universe Mode Fantasy Show: Monday Night Raw - Episode #62: Who would win this match card? + WQ Inside? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites