Is Reimer-Bernier the best goalie tandem in the NHL right now? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Jessica Lv
5 Jessica
asked in
Sports Hockey
·
7 years ago Is Reimer-Bernier the best goalie tandem in the NHL right now? Reimer, 1.99 GAA .949 SV%
4 Wins, 0 losses. Bernier, 2.31 GAA .933 sv%
6 wins, 4 losses. Leafs have been getting amazing goaltending, its unreal actually. Now that Varlamov has been arrested on charges of Kidnapping and domestic assault, I guess the Avalanche tandem is down the drains. Yes he was arrested on kidnapping charges -
http://www.tsn.ca/nhl/story/?id=435467 Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance tomjc43 Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer In 1964 Toronto won the Stanley Cup based on the play of their goalie Johnny Bower
so what did GM/Coach Punch Imlach do in the Off season? Trade for another goalie to be a tandem. Sawchuk and Bower won the Vezina that next year and another Cup in two years. Thus was born the age of two equal goalies. It worked in 1965, it can work in 2013.
The difference between Reimer/Bernier and all other combinations is that these are two young goalies of the same age sharing the crease. It works. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post D 7 years ago The Reimer and Bernier combo are certainly a deadly combination - No matter what night it is the Leafs are gonna have a strong goaltender in net this season.
While I would say that the two are pretty confident starter goalies, I would not say they rank up with Lundquist or Jonathan Quick - it is the fact that there is both of them on one team, so the Leafs certainly will have the best backup, regardless of whoever starts. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post flamesfanjosh Lv
6 7 years ago Reimer/Bernier, Varlamov/Giguere, and Price/Budaj have all been outstanding. I want to see how the Varlamov situation gets resolved before passing any judgement. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dale M Lv
5 7 years ago Other teams would kill for this goalie duo, they've gotten the Leafs a lot of wins so far.
I would say they are the best right now. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 7 years ago Yes ... they are ... funny how much difference a year makes Varlamov beats women ... so he's OUT OF CONSIDERATION ... the only way you can get away with that **** is if the women are the Sedin's 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Geoffery Lv
4 7 years ago Carey Price and Peter Budaj 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Nah price and budaj 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Jordan 7 years ago TOSKALAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why have the New York Yankees never played the Montreal Canadiens in their 150-year plus history? 7 answers Will the 24 NHL playoff teams will be permanent? 5 answers Will you give up golf and boating to watch NHL in the summer? 4 answers When do you think they will lift the travel bands so hockey can resume? 7 answers Fifteen percent of hockey-stick sales are to women. If 220 sticks were sold, how many were purchased by women? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What if Wayne Gretzky did not get traded to the LA Kings? What exactly is a lockout? Why have the New York Yankees never played the Montreal Canadiens in their 150-year plus history? is it late for a man bot to be married at 42? Which team would win: the college hockey All Star team or the WORST NHL hockey team? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites