Angel Di Maria is close to go to monaco? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Kevin Lv
4 Kevin
asked in
Sports Football (Soccer) Spanish Football (Soccer)
·
7 years ago Angel Di Maria is close to go to monaco? Angel di Maria is leaving to Monaco this winter transfer market for 35 million according to some pages around the internet. is this a good idea or bad idea selling one of the best dribbler players in the world.
Who would be his replacement? I was thinking of this 2 options, either buy Luis suarez for 40-50 million and put jese back as winger or buy a winger like Reus. http://www.realmadridnews.com/angel-di-maria-linke... Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer This is really a bad news as he is one of my favorite players. But your idea is true. Probably we will see suarez
in the Real Madrid Camp.
http://bleacherreport.com/articles/1873966-transfe... http://www.carpics.info/ http://www.realmadridnews.com/angel-di-maria-linke... Source(s):
http://www.carpics.info/ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post FT_9 7 years ago Untrue. Angel Di maria is main winter target of ManUtd. Coz dey desperately need a quality winger. Also d pressure in which they are, I think Di maria will be landed at Old trafford. Reus will b the best replacement at Madrid. Also suarez might depart to madrid. Benzema also can move to london (arsnl) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Thuthuka - Long Live Real Madrid Lv
5 7 years ago This might be true since Real Madrid don't want Di Maria at the Bernabeu, a lot of Madridistas seem to talk negative stuff about him. If he can leave Real then it would be a huge blow for us since he is our best winger (CR7 isn't a winger) and as well as the best winger in La Liga. His effort and his love for the club is what makes him one of the most important players in our team.
Well, I hope he stays but that is unlikely to happen considering Real want to sign Suarez and Bale is already here. I wonder why people think Bale > Di Maria, clearly Di Maria > Bale. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Doc Lv
7 7 years ago I dont think Di Maria is leaving. But if he was it would be a bad idea, Di Maria can be a game winning asset when hes fit and in form. He Is also a good synchronizing player for the attack and midfield. Reus wont leave BVB, he stated that it was his dream club, he was offered a position in Bayern but was the first person to decline it for BVB. Hulk would be a good winger but i think they will aim for a striker like Suarez or Augero. I dont think Liverpool will allow Suarez to leave unless its a outrageous price. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in El Dinho. 7 years ago Why are some Real Madrid fans so delusional? They think every wants to play for their club. Luis Suarez won't leave in January and keep dreaming of Marco Rues leaving Dortmund. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Good luck buying Reus 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago I don't think he will leave and if he does, I think Reus would be a great option. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago I know bench sucks, 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Weird thing on my chest? 6 answers if soccer is called football around the world what do they call regular football? 9 answers Do you all agree that we might never have great players like Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi? 6 answers Real Madrid v Barcelona? 11 answers What do you make of Real Madrid this season? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who would you rather have on your team a prime pele or a prime Lionel Messi? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites