Shortstop or 2nd? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Martha Deacon Martha Deacon
asked in
Sports Baseball
·
1 decade ago Shortstop or 2nd? I'm trying out for rep softball this fall. I've been playing 2nd but am thinking of trying SS. What's different about it? What do you think I should do? Update : I've been playing for 10 years and have a very good arm. Answer Save 12 Answers Relevance Catherine 1 decade ago Favorite Answer well, coming from a former 2nd baseman and ss, (now i catch) here are a few differences: 1. you have to have a good arm. ss is a longer throw to 1st. 2. fielding will be harder. you have to think about where the runners are ALL THE TIME. 3. you always catch the throw from the catcher. you don't back up anymore. also you have to back the throw to third. there you go. good luck! :D 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Vincenzo 1 decade ago SS and 2nd are very similar, but there are a few key differences. The most obvoius is arm strength. SS often have to go in the hole between 3rd and short and make the throw to first going away from the base. There is also the rotation of the ball coming off the bat, at 2nd the ball "slices" from a right hand batter and "hooks" from a lefty, while SS is the exact opposite. Then there are the nuances of knowing when to cover 2nd or 3rd based on what your teamates are doing. But if you have experience as an infielder, I would definitely try out for SS as I find it by far to be the most fun position on the field. Hope this helps and good luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Well how long have you been playing second because if you
have been playing that long and been playing 2nd for the whole time you been playing softball but if you been playing softball for a year or 2 then just play shortstop because it says you have a great arm. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post DYankeeFan 1 decade ago I think that in order to play short or even third, you have to have a very strong throwing arm. Second is closer to first so they tend to be a little weaker. Plus, shortstops are usually better defensive players then second because you are pretty much the starter of most DP's. I'm not saying you can't handle it.That's just my own take on the position!! Good luck!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in karrisah Lv
4 1 decade ago ss usually has a stronger arm and can move quicker b/c u have to cover second and third base. 2nd baseman are
great at grounders with not the strongest are. since u have been playing 2nd stick with it. ss is a hard position to learn 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Second base is one of the easiest infield positions to play. To be a shortstop, you need to be a very skilled athlete, have good range and be able to throw to first or home. If you're new, I say stick with second 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post J.J Mays...I Wish™ Lv
4 1 decade ago each are different shortstop gets alot more balls but when a ball is hit toward second the hitters btting stances will tell you exactly where it is hit im a great right fielder because i can pick that kind of t6hing up but you gotta watch the batter carefully at 2nd base plus righties are easier 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post originalitybygeorge Lv
5 1 decade ago the difference is there a lot longer throw to first base from ss to 2b. the best fielders in baseball play ss. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Gabrielle W 1 decade ago Short stop and second def. get the most action and i def. like playing s.s ALOT better than second. Let me tell you it's alot of work at times and you kind are a ball hog. But it's only cause you have alot of area to cover. I rlly liked s.s. SO i would try it 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Alex W Lv
5 1 decade ago You should practice there a lot first. In baseball SS is extremely different than 2B. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (2) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are baseball players right that they should be paid in full or no? 6 answers Who cares about baseball? 16 answers What do you call it if a batter strikes out 6 times in a game? 7 answers Are players or owners more to blame for not reaching a compromise? 4 answers When is the MLB season starting? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What distinguishes a good and bad manager?!? Are baseball players right that they should be paid in full or no? True or False: Felix Hernandez has posted at least one 20-win season in his MLB career and how many wins does he have in his MLB career? ? When is the MLB season starting? In baseball, what is a "batter's eye?"? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites