Help With Shortstop Situation!!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products David S David S
asked in
Sports Fantasy Sports
·
1 decade ago Help With Shortstop Situation!!? Would you Do THis? Need an SS Badly! I Give: D. Lowe, K. Greene I Get: JJ Hardy Here's My Team 10-Team H2H Non-Keeper League C - P. Sandoval 1B - R. Howard 2B - C. Utley 3B - K. Youkilis SS - K. Greene OF - C. Crawford, M. Holliday, R. Ibañez Util - Adam Jones BN - P. Konerko SP - J. Peavy, R. Halladay, C. Billingsley, Y. Gallardo, E. Bedard, D. Lowe RP - J. Valverde, B. Fuentes, B. Ziegler DL - V. Guerrero Thanks Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Devil 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Do the trade.
Good hitting shortstops are much more difficult to pick up than good starters (1 shortstop/team vs 5 starts/team). Greene is still young and not going to put up numbers like Hardy, while Lowe is an innings eater, but not all star stuff anymore. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Milan59 Lv
6 1 decade ago No! Don't make that trade. You give a pitcher who has 25 SO's in 29 innings and a SS who is hitting .246 but hit .300 last week for a SS hitting .177? If I were you, I'd pick up Asdrubal Cabrera from your FA list and who is hitting .321 and keep Lowe. This is a bad trade. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Michael 1 decade ago No way Lowe id off to a hot start and will stay hot most of the whole year Hardy is terrible u should pick up Bartlett hell be better than Hardy try and get some1 else than HARDY hes not that good and will kill ur avg. and has barely no power 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post reny d Lv
4 1 decade ago i would not give up lowe. he is a very good pitcher. you can find a better ss off waivers then green, your team is very good with out a ss. but hang onto lowe. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in ? 1 decade ago JJ hardy sucks. Your much better off with what you have 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm 25 is it worth it to start wearing sunscreen now? 9 answers Baseball or Football? 4 answers Is my sister right for not letting me use public transport due to Coronavirus? 5 answers SHOULD ESPN stop broadcasts since there are no sports? 5 answers when is super tuseday? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions mobileelectronicsinstallationtime? How was your week? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites