Ward willing to fight Groves, thoughts? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Dave Lv
6 Dave
asked in
Sports Boxing
·
7 years ago Ward willing to fight Groves, thoughts? I think this would be a good fight for both.
Groves would be able to test himself against the best, would get exposure in the US, and would p*ss Froch off by getting the fight he wants. If Groves can put in a better performance than Froch did against Ward, it would make the case for a rematch between Froch and Groves even stronger. Ward would also benefit from this fight because he will be fighting the most talked about super middleweight at the moment, and someone who has really impressed boxing fans.
I would expect Ward to win by decision, but it believe Groves has the ability to give him his toughest fight to date. What are your thoughts? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance thє ℓøηє ωøℓƒє Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer I think St. George Groves should sign with Golden Boy Promotions they could really help him get exposure in the United States and if you remember correctly David Haye was signed to Golden Boy him and Adam Booth were both signed with the Golden Boy Promotions for a time there. Golden Boy doesn't have a "major star" at 168 and I think George Groves would be perfect for them at this point. And I do not want to see George Groves fight Andre Ward just yet, I would like for George Groves to get a title match opportunity first, I think he can defeat Sakio Bika or Robert Stieglitz, let him beat one of the other belt holders in the division then, when the time is right he should fight Ward if Eddie Hearn and MatchRoom Sport is just going to be protecting Carl "The Cobra" Froch and avoid a risky rematch that could cost Froch the other major fights that he is seeking then, what's the point of re-signing with another promoter in the United Kingdom. Groves needs Golden Boy they can help him get other opportunities and more fights on Showtime. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago George groves promotional team is making a great career choice because they are looking for the best fights. It will be exposer for George groves because he is challenging the best Super middleweight. He will impress his fans by giving a great and performance.
I strongly agree, if George groves perform better against Andre ward then a rematch with Carl froch will be interesting.
Firstly, George groves have to get back in the win column because he is coming of a loss.
I agree, It was a shake down victory for froch but it's documented as a loss. I think Groves groves should challenge Sakio bika or Robert stigielz for the title.
It will put him back in the win column and he will become a champion in the process. I think Andre ward will win by decision but George groves will attract more fans because he traveled outside his Country to test his skills against the best. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Nightmare123 Lv
6 7 years ago He said &quot;I would give Groves a rematch&quot; he&#x27;s saying if he were Froch. Unless im missing something. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Leo Lv
7 7 years ago Anyone is better then having to fight Peter Quillin, Adonis Stevenson, or GGG. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Who will win Fury or Joshua? 6 answers Muhammed Ali the racist? 4 answers Do you think Floyd Mayweather in his prime would beat Deontay wilder? 5 answers Is George Floyd in heaven? 4 answers How do I crack a man's skull with one punch? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who would win between Manny Pacquiao and Azumah Nelson at featherweight in their primes? Zab Judah vs Shane Mosley who wins this? Scale one-20 who would wanna fight an aged Prime grounded still Dangerous Iron Mike Tyson ? Should Deontay Wilder retire from boxing? Has sportscaster Jim Lampley ever been the top announcer for the network? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites