What should I include in an opinion speech about shale gas? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products pinksparklemonkey pinksparklemonkey
asked in
News & Events Current Events
·
8 years ago What should I include in an opinion speech about shale gas? My speech is against it and I'm not sure what I should include in it, like what should my three main points be??? Thanks!!! =) Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Cappy 8 years ago Favorite Answer The term Fracking is used to extract gas from shale. I also am not in favor of this process. I would suggest when doing your research to include. 1. How the homes, land
and most important is the tremendous amount of water used. 2. What is done with all the toxic water used in the process,
(do not believe that they clean the water used) and what chemicals that are used. 3. The disruption of the homes and businesses that have no drilling on their property, the truck taffic is a tremendous 24 hr every day event non stop.
Research Bradford, Pa.
it is just horrable in what they are doing to our earth. Only a small few of the land owners profit and if coarse the gas companies. Good luck and give them Hell!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it right to brand Churchill a racist? Should his statue be took down and thrown into the river ? 44 answers Should the police officer who shot Rayshard Brooks be charged with murder? or at least involuntary manslaughter? why or not? 15 answers How long is social distancing likely to last for in the U.K.? 14 answers There won't be a second wave of Covid19 because the coronavirus is dying all over the world? 13 answers What kind of discrimination do black people generally face in their lives in the US, other than being mistreated by cops? 21 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do people try to guess when the world is gonna end? Why can't Conservatives distinguish the difference in these two protests? ? Does it seem like some large world elite power is doing a very slow motion Coup D'Etat lately? (Covid19, then Floyd riots, BLM, etc)? Should David Lammy be deported for being racist against his betters? have people gotten a lot lazier since beginning of March? (all the Covid19 stuff, and then the riots)? i just have been glued to my tv)? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites