Anglicans see the sense in electing a businessman? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Wispy Lv
6 Wispy
asked in
News & Events Current Events
·
8 years ago Anglicans see the sense in electing a businessman? Why don't Americans? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Guru Hank Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer Ex-businessman.
He is one of those who 'got the call' then chucked in his job and went off to some fly-hole in Africa to do good works for the Lord. This is not necessarily a good example to set the young. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post giginotgigi Lv
7 8 years ago They got the wrong vision. Matthew 7:15 Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves. Matthew 12 39 But he answered and said to them, An evil and adulterous generation seeketh a sign, but no sign shall be given unto it, save that sign of the Prophet Jonah. 40 For as Jonah was three days and three nights in the whale’s belly; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it right to brand Churchill a racist? Should his statue be took down and thrown into the river ? 44 answers Should the police officer who shot Rayshard Brooks be charged with murder? or at least involuntary manslaughter? why or not? 15 answers How long is social distancing likely to last for in the U.K.? 14 answers There won't be a second wave of Covid19 because the coronavirus is dying all over the world? 13 answers What kind of discrimination do black people generally face in their lives in the US, other than being mistreated by cops? 21 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Should UK immigrants be shown TV from the Past so they know what to expect.
It's what made us laugh &
Nothing really changes, except denial? What happens if you pour a beer on your car engine whilst it is on? have people gotten a lot lazier since beginning of March? (all the Covid19 stuff, and then the riots)? i just have been glued to my tv)? Does it seem like some large world elite power is doing a very slow motion Coup D'Etat lately? (Covid19, then Floyd riots, BLM, etc)? Is it socially acceptable in America for a Muslim teenage boy to wear a hijab to his school? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites