Was LFS Burnham once President of Guyana the richest black man in the world? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products tewarie tewarie
asked in
News & Events Current Events
·
9 years ago Was LFS Burnham once President of Guyana the richest black man in the world? He was president of Guyana
in the 1970's up to 1990 Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Chris H Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer I think that title may have been held by Josepf Desiree Mobutu Sese Seko Nku ku Nbenga wa za Banga. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it right to brand Churchill a racist? Should his statue be took down and thrown into the river ? 44 answers Should the police officer who shot Rayshard Brooks be charged with murder? or at least involuntary manslaughter? why or not? 15 answers How long is social distancing likely to last for in the U.K.? 14 answers There won't be a second wave of Covid19 because the coronavirus is dying all over the world? 13 answers What kind of discrimination do black people generally face in their lives in the US, other than being mistreated by cops? 21 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do people try to guess when the world is gonna end? What happens if you pour a beer on your car engine whilst it is on? Why can't Conservatives distinguish the difference in these two protests? ? What do you think about Donald J. Trump blowing up Native Burial grounds for his border wall? Should UK immigrants be shown TV from the Past so they know what to expect.
It's what made us laugh &
Nothing really changes, except denial? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites