High School!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Beauty & Style Other - Beauty & Style
·
1 decade ago High School!? I'm getting ready to go to a high school where I don't know anybody! Can you give
me some tips on how to make a good impression? And make a ton of great friends? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer u should be a lil proud but not selfish n also be kind n hot-blooded,u should act wid others in the way that seems u know them for along time no wat i say?trya have a nice smile n help everybody.(but be careful,many girls tra wear nasty clothes or just wear make up n act coyly to draw others attention,dont do that be URSELF) n be a lil humorious but not foolish,talk to others hope i helped 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dream 1 decade ago I suggest joining some extra-curricular activites or clubs in things you are interested in (ie sport, music, etc etc) and bonding with people over shared interests or try joining a committee such as the School Magazine, or similar groups. Don't try and gather friends too quickly in too short a time - many people aren't what they appear to be and may have ulterior motives. Always be friendly, but never feel obligated to accepted invitations from anyone, especially someone you instinctively feel may be involved with drugs or alcohol.
Also, to make people easier to accept you, make sure you do not brag about any acheivements in the first few conversations. Even if you are really good at what you do, the last thing you want people to assume is that you are arrogant.
Good luck with your new high school! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post HuggieSunrise 1 decade ago ... Wear your best and be your best...
and then immediately wear what your usualy do and be yourself. this typically gets he teachers opinions high because of the rule of first impressions and everyday since..
usually it wont matter what you wear or do outside of being yourself in the first place as you have zero control of peoples actions or ...
happenstance. Just take the exsperience as is people are people.... unless its highschool and in this case youll just have to wait and see how you fit in..
without resorting to snap judgements.. meaning...
dont descide too soon its a disaster or.. sucess..
live in the moment. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Be open and friendly, talk to a lot of people in class, smile a lot. It makes people want to talk to you. Also try to be confident, that draws people. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in MaDaMoiSeLLe08 1 decade ago it's simple really, be yourself! always smile and have a good impression to everybody, stay physically fit and always groom yourself! don't be manipulative or "prima-donna" like, be VERY friendly, and even be friends with the naughty ones or the ones you don't like! hope it helps! Source(s):
personal experience. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♥FeFe BaBii♥ 1 decade ago ohhh my god am in the same suitiation!!!!!!!!!!! i dont know anybody in my new high-school that am going to and everything is going 2 be sooooooooooo new to me. i just hope the students and teachers or wateva are nice. goodluck=}on urs. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Talk to A LOT OF PEOPLE! Worked for me. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are my nails too over the top? 9 answers What kind of places would be suitable to wear this dress? 38 answers Thoughts on this girl and what ethincity she looks? 6 answers Should I gain weight? ? 4 answers Why do people see you as competition ? ? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Will fake nails ruin my real ones? I want to work in a nail salon? Thoughts on this girl and what ethincity she looks? Are there any perks for being ugly? Should I gain weight? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites