where to get sweatshirts and beanies for girls in metrotown canada? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products angraaybird angraaybird
asked in
Beauty & Style Fashion & Accessories
·
8 years ago where to get sweatshirts and beanies for girls in metrotown canada? school's gonna start in uh..44 days? so..i wanted to know where to get these sweatshirts .. i mean everybody is wearin em
. . i like to follow my own style but i seem to like em and
i also wanted to know some shops where they sell beanies .. the shops have to be either in metrotown or pacific centre .. and if you could could you tell me your personal experiences with the sweatshirt shops like the style or type of cloth or price ... so thanks <3 Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Sur La Mer Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer I'm a vendor, I sell toddler's beanies, add one of my flower clips or pins and you're good to go!
Adults buy them too, for their grand children! As for your sweatshirts, you can find those anywhere! Call Customer Service 1-800#, or email them. This is YAHOO, it's a World Wide Web and many of us have not even bought anything or work @ department stores in Canada. I also suggest when paying for online purchases, don't use Paypal, it takes just once to be a victim. I was and it took 3 years to get my credit. Use your Credit Card, always, they can help you if any disputes. AND beware of international shipping, they could add 3-25% extra fees, even if the price is cheap. My merchant was from Texas, but the product was shipped from Hong Kong. Other times, when you need to call Customer Service, they speak in foreign tongue and no one to translate them or JUST they don't answer calls. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How do you know if a dimond is real !? 16 answers Can you go to the beach in your bra and panties? 21 answers What colour is the dress? :D ? 12 answers Whose style do you like the best ? 7 answers Do you think it looks cool for a guy to wear jeans with flip flops or sport slides? ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What do you think of this situation and what should I do ? Why do some of the Rolex model 126600 have the crown below the 6' o clock position between the words Swiss & Made and some do not? Miniskirt or skinny jeans for tomorrow? Where could I find this ? Is it true that rotating shoes will help eliminate foot smell ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites