Return jeans after wearing once? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products lara lara
asked in
Beauty & Style Fashion & Accessories
·
7 years ago Return jeans after wearing once? I bought skinny
jeans from guess and wore them out for a night. They stretched out so badly!!!! I'm so disappointed because I have many jeans from there and they never stretch. The jeans are not dirty but I'm paranoid they look worn. Is it ok to exchange for a smaller size? Or exchange for another type of jeans? (I still have the tags and the receipt) Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Sayswho Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer Many stores have a "satisfaction guarantee". Guess is a big name clothier so I would suspect they have such a setup. Bring the receipt and any original tags that were on the jeans if you have them. I'd bring the jeans back and explain what happened and why you aren't happy with them. Be honest about your dissatisfaction with them. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post luz 7 years ago i think is okay if you return them if you still have the tag and receipt but don't forget to explain what happen I know they'll understand good luck:) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How do you know if a dimond is real !? 16 answers Can you go to the beach in your bra and panties? 21 answers What colour is the dress? :D ? 12 answers Whose style do you like the best ? 7 answers Do you think it looks cool for a guy to wear jeans with flip flops or sport slides? ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Which color Skirt goes better with this blouse? Miniskirt or skinny jeans for tomorrow? Where could I find this ? What do you think of this situation and what should I do ? If I send back a parcel (missguided) after the 14 day return time will they send me the clothes back or will I just loose out on the money? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites