What size am I in sweatshirts(Guy)? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Beauty & Style Fashion & Accessories
·
8 years ago What size am I in sweatshirts(Guy)? I'am 5'6, almost 5'7. and around 115 lbs.
What should my size be? Small or Medium?
Thanks a lot! Btw Ima really skinny duuude lol. Lol askin again becuz I want some more feedback, only got one last time. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Molly 8 years ago Favorite Answer Depends how tight you want it. I mean, I hate sweatshirts that constrict my neck and hug my stomach. I like loose baggy styles better. But it's for you to decide! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Marie 8 years ago im guessing your a small. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Logan 8 years ago x small. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How do you know if a dimond is real !? 16 answers Can you go to the beach in your bra and panties? 21 answers What colour is the dress? :D ? 12 answers Whose style do you like the best ? 7 answers Do you think it looks cool for a guy to wear jeans with flip flops or sport slides? ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How much would this cost? Why do some of the Rolex model 126600 have the crown below the 6' o clock position between the words Swiss & Made and some do not? Is it true that rotating shoes will help eliminate foot smell ? What do you think of this situation and what should I do ? Which color Skirt goes better with this blouse? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites