where can I buy a baggy sweatshirt? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products cereal is good cereal is good
asked in
Beauty & Style Fashion & Accessories
·
9 years ago where can I buy a baggy sweatshirt? the baggy-sweatshirt style is really in right now, and I see all these girls wearing sweatshirts with university logos etc so i was wondering, where can I get some? (im a girl btw) I live in canada so only stores in canada please!
I even tried going online to the university websites to see if I could order the sweatshirts online, and they were no where to be found -__- Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Des Lv
4 9 years ago Favorite Answer Go to your nearest University or College.
Go into the student store and locate the clothing section, it will consist half of baggy sweatpants, the other half, baggy sweatshirts.
Pick out one and buy it.
They are usually cheap because they are made for poor students. Source(s):
Personal Experience... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Irena Lv
4 9 years ago You can't buy university shirts online; but I know places like Forever21, Old Navy, American Eagle, etc are making their own uni shirts, so you can look there, but if you want legit baggy sweatshirts from a college, you have to go there Good luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Courtney 9 years ago Try just browsing around a mall. You're bound to find one in one of the stores 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post dunham 4 years ago those shirts are magnificent.and not in elementary terms that compliment the size u regularly placed on. fold the sleeves up. super beautiful and it makes all of us seem beautiful. tomboyish. and not in elementary terms that makes you seem skinny and lose that's what i regularly do and for women with a discern (in case you have effective curves and a discern) than get it 2 sizes too small and it will paintings fantastically. yet, possibly one length down.. try it on! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 9 years ago You should be able to find one in H&M or Forever 21. A lot of my friends buy their clothes because apparently, the "boyfriend" look is in. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sebastian Lv
4 9 years ago Try thrift stores and vintage stores. Value Village? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How do you know if a dimond is real !? 16 answers Can you go to the beach in your bra and panties? 21 answers What colour is the dress? :D ? 12 answers Whose style do you like the best ? 7 answers Do you think it looks cool for a guy to wear jeans with flip flops or sport slides? ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How much would this cost? If I send back a parcel (missguided) after the 14 day return time will they send me the clothes back or will I just loose out on the money? Why do some of the Rolex model 126600 have the crown below the 6' o clock position between the words Swiss & Made and some do not? What do you think of this situation and what should I do ? Which color Skirt goes better with this blouse? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites