clothes for teen in high school for good price? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Danushan Danushan
asked in
Beauty & Style Fashion & Accessories
·
10 years ago clothes for teen in high school for good price? i am a freshman in high school and want to buy new clothes thats good and cheap price... and its for a boy... please help... tell me the stores in toronto, canada... thanks Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance ♥Autumn Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer It really depends on the boy's style. International clothiers has some hip, trendy clothes that are very reasonably priced. They have a location in the Eaton Centre. You could try sports stores if those are more his style. Athlete's World and Footlocker are good ones that are a little more expensive than International clothiers but well-priced for the brands they carry. If that is not good, why not try Zellers or Walmart? They have a lot of clothes that are VERY well-priced. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post frideres Lv
4 3 years ago i'm a junior in highschool and that i do no longer propose sexy clothing. I even have the wealthy stereotype college and the individuals who the place "sexy" clothing are looked at as skanky and you won't get many acquaintances. i choose to propose savers they have form call clothing for decrease priced in case you seem around. additionally shops like ross and tj maxx have beautiful clothing. while your finding out to purchase dont seem for t shirts possibly v-necks or a lacy lower back suitable or outstanding geared up denims. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How do you know if a dimond is real !? 16 answers Can you go to the beach in your bra and panties? 21 answers What colour is the dress? :D ? 12 answers Whose style do you like the best ? 7 answers Do you think it looks cool for a guy to wear jeans with flip flops or sport slides? ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can anyone tell me the batteries these watches use without me having to open them? Miniskirt or skinny jeans for tomorrow? How much would this cost? Where can I get a mens glossy puffer jacket? ? Is it true that rotating shoes will help eliminate foot smell ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites