Tattoo Placement? Jack kerouac Quote? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Beauty & Style Skin & Body Tattoos
·
7 years ago Tattoo Placement? Jack kerouac Quote? I want to get a tattoo saying
“the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars.”
I just don't know where a good place for suck a long quote would be. Any ideas? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Louise 7 years ago Favorite Answer Torso would be the best bet, whether you want it sideways or going down. It's a really long quote, so you may want to cut it down a bit; maybe something like:
- "the only people for me are the mad ones" - "mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved" - "burn, burn, burn" - "exploding like spiders across the stars" I don't know if many artists would write such a long quote on someone, and even if they did, it would probably have to be in different sittings!! Hope this helps :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post elsie Lv
4 4 years ago Jack Kerouac Tattoos Source(s):
https://shrinke.im/a0UkL 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Not necessarily. If I quote a sports figure, does that make me a sports fan? Kerouac was cool. You don't have to be "intellectual" to agree with that. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post jwashington923 7 years ago Back or ribs 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Be Honest!! What you think of this Tattoo? 12 answers Does it creep when you’re being treated by  those in the health field with tattoos on their arms, sometimes many? 12 answers Why do people look so much better with tattoos than without tattoos? 22 answers What is your opinion on women with ink? 10 answers Would you spend your entire stimulus check to get tattoos? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Where in the Philadelphia or Jersey area can I have tattoos removed? I made a huge mistake yrs ago and got swastikas - will anyone remove? Why is my stick n poke bad? What products should I use for a new tattoo? Will people remove inappropriate tattoos like iron cross or swastikas? what should my first tattoo be, just like advice, and where, should i have it? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites