By saying that they are really helping Obama, isn't K Rove calling the Birthers dumb? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
9 years ago By saying that they are really helping Obama, isn't K Rove calling the Birthers dumb? Thanks for making my day Birthers!
http://tpmdc.talkingpointsmemo.com/2011/02/karl-ro... Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Frog Lv
6 9 years ago Favorite Answer Absolutely. Other things that help Obama: Sarah Palin (and the rest of her Fox colleagues), the Tea Party, John Bohrange, and for that matter, spontaneous cwying from the formerly "tough" party in general. The modern GOP: Its "William F. Buckley meets Deliverance". 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post Vesaversa Lv
6 9 years ago The Gop gains seats in the house and senate on these ridiculous
birther issues doing the med term but it will hurt them doing the 2012
general election . So i think you are
spot on
. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post ☼Solar☼ Lv
7 9 years ago I agree with Rove when he says: "Every moment the conservatives talk about this, they marginalized themselves and diminish themselves in the minds of independent voters."
However, looking at the picture with the article you posted; I keep thinking about the Rocky Horror Picture Show and the guy without the neck. You know when he appears and everyone in the audience cries out where is your neck..... 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Gadfly Lv
6 9 years ago Carl Rove always says exactly what he means. Even the left realize how intelligent he is. Why do you think they fear him so much? 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in ducky
aka
Mr Duck Lv
7 9 years ago maybe there are worse things than being dump like being a hateful racist (just as an example of course) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago If Obama's birth certificate weren't written in the sand outside of a grass hut in Kenya, maybe he'd be able to produce it. 0 0 5 Login to reply the answers Post Depends Lv
7 9 years ago No, but he is acknowledging that most people consider the matter closed. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 35 answers Genuine question, why did America vote for Trump? 183 answers Do you think America has a race problem? 97 answers What will your reaction be if Donald Trump gets elected? 82 answers Why do conservatives accuse people calling for unity of being divisive? 137 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions People are destroying 5g towers globally. What disease do they cause, coronavirus? Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? Will Trump create division to cause a civil war between black lives matter, anarchists, and White people ? On a scale of 1-10, how racist was Donald Trump's pitch to have a 'blacks vs. whites" apprentice contest? If Democrats are “the party of the Confederacy,” does that mean Republicans don’t oppose removing public Confederate statues & flag displays? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites