What would you say the agenda is? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
1 decade ago What would you say the agenda is? I don't have a conclusion I have a few guesses but that is about it
Here is what is known
The money you have in your pocket right now --- is only worth what it can purchase
Your money measured on a decade by decade scale is going down on a fast track
500 % inflation between 1980 and 2010 meaning your dollar has 20 % of its purchasing power compared to 30 yrs ago
I like the potato chip quote 25 cents to a dollar 25 --- 500 % ( pick the commodity of your choice though)
Have wages gone up 500 % in the same time period
--- no of course not
This is the reality in the western world --- if we measured by the century it would work out to your dollar equaling a few pennies
50 yrs ago bread eggs and milk were delivered to each house -- people could afford the service then that today you couldn't
Horse thieves were hung and car thieves cost the taxpayer 40,000 plus per year to punish but that is not the entirety of the problem and it does nothing to address the dollar itself
There is an increasing amount of pollution caused by the things that are supposed to make our lives easier better and more comfortable --- the machine has hardly freed us as promised to the peoples of only 3 or 4 generations ago Costs have done nothing but go up since the industrial revolution and the wage earner has had more dollars with less ability to buy since the inception of the machine into our society despite the plenty it does provide
Entertainment is hardly value free --- and we are one of the most entertained societies around
In the US partisanship is ugly something most of the west seems to have escaped runs rampant in the US
Unemployment has little impact on production --- something from the 70's which was true then seems to be ending now as unemployment in one of the worlds largest consumer market appears to be ending with the lack of purchasing power of a newly forming underclass that began on or about this 21 st century
Political leaders are now a class of person onto themselves just as they appear to have always been
Police now make up a special class of person which no longer lives in the areas they patrol unless they happen to be patrolling rich nieghborhoods where the enforcement of law changes drastically ( or is this just a Canadian problem ?)
The development of a right-less worker class goes unnoticed
The divide between rich and poor is growing in leaps and bounds with the middle falling into the abyss of the lower class and shocked at how the poor are treated ignored and how little worth they always were to the upper class ---- the reality is shocking
So what the hell is the agenda Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Sean Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The agenda depends on who you ask.
But I do think that much of the problem today is the financial structure that rewards CEO's and corporate executives, investment bankers, stock brokers, and those who do little to actually manufacture anything or provide any kind of service are paid way out of line with those who actually do the work.
Exactly what does a CEO do to earn a nine-figure salary (CEO salaries have grown enormously since the Reagan years)?
And then after a few years some of these CEO's are given golden parachutes of nine-figures whether or not they have helped grow the company. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sadcat 1 decade ago OK, I wasn't going to tell you, but here it is: The agenda is to make people think there is a secret agenda behind everything, when in fact the world develops fairly randomly, and no one person or organization has actual control over the agenda. There you go. Happy now? 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Here this will help you put some pieces together. The first hour is how out monetary system works, you can skip to 4min to get right to it. Source(s):
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=7065205277... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago 1) Fix the economy by growing more jobs. 2) Attack the deficit through some difficult, but inevitable cuts. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in David D 1 decade ago Work harder and stop feeling sorry for yourself. That's my advice. 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Wonder Woman says we are all to blame, Do you agree? Lincoln once described slavery as, "You work, I eat." Doesn't that pretty much describe today's Democrat Party? Why is prison rape so widespread in America? Is communism the future in America because people are protesting about being oppressed ? Does the Civil Rights Act of 1964 specify that discrimination is okay if that discrimination is not a function of Sex, Race, Religion...? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites