if the child under eighteen will be employed who suppose to be blamed? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Steven masatu Steven masatu
asked in
Politics & Government Law & Ethics
·
10 years ago if the child under eighteen will be employed who suppose to be blamed? People over eighteen and above must care the children Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Sam S 10 years ago Favorite Answer It looks like you asked a question that doesnt make sense and then answered it with an answer the doesn't make sense... 0_o 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 10 years ago I'm not sure how the laws apply where you are but in the U.S. children under eighteen (unless arranged through courts as an orphan) is still under parents control and if working are still the parents responsibility.
If your eighteen and over you are considered as an adult. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post LanaNugNug Lv
5 10 years ago What? What does that even mean? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can I sue every single white person for damages? 11 answers Why don't we have laws against being obese? 13 answers If you had an employee who was accused of a serious crime like rape or murder would you keep letting them work or fire them immediately? 16 answers Can I legally slap & spit on a child abuser who violently attacked me as a 12 year old at school when he was 58? Now I’m 30 & a grown man? 10 answers Is it wrong for a 16 year old to date an 18 year old? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions If a Chihuahua dog were to bite the mailman. What would happen to the dog and the owner? Why isn’t DUI punishable by a life sentence? is it illegal to steal an american flag from a school then put it in a public toilet? Do I need to pay extra fee to get real California ID? can i ask for house arrest? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites