When are the FDR, W Wilson, LBJ, and Bobbie Byrd statues - going to be dumped in the harbor? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products bil Lv
7 bil
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
3 days ago When are the FDR, W Wilson, LBJ, and Bobbie Byrd statues - going to be dumped in the harbor? Updated 3 days ago : They should all be replaced with statues of Corn Pop v Slow Joe Biden - rusty razor v bicycle chain. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Anonymous 3 days ago Favorite Answer when you show they owned slaves 1 2 0 bil Lv
7 3 days ago Report Thumb up Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do many people very often and easily give their money to impostors,fraudsters and marriage swindlers? How to postpone Yahoo FBB until next year? Is it weird for someone in the LGBTQ community to be a trump supporter? Soros DNC Antifa BLM? WHY are there so many TRUMP HATING RACIST SOCIALIST COMMUNIST DEMOCRITS ON YAHOO? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites