Are Anne Coulter and Rush Limbaugh representative of most Republicans? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Elections
·
1 decade ago Are Anne Coulter and Rush Limbaugh representative of most Republicans? Update : I don't thumb down or report answers. Answer Save 15 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Oh **** I hope not. No, they're not. They might be representative of a lot of neocons, but then I think their supporters are so enamoured of their loud, fake ultra-con stances purely to sell books and radio ad space that they adopt the (I always struggle to find words here, because nothing really encapsulates how sickening and traitorous I find these people) unctuous bombast of their heroes. If there were not mountains of money to be made out of being so fatuous and abhorrent, Limbaugh and Coulter would not be as porcine and belligerent as they are.
If you want to thumb this down, enjoy the impotence of that feeling...but come with something more than a little thumb you just pulled out. I'm totally sick of your claims to patriotism. You're the real reason America is sinking. I urge REAL Republicans to stand against the forces of neoconservatism before you fall prey to the forces of a rising oligarchy. Take your party back from these ugly-souled thieves and liars. I especially urge the people who've blocked me to prove you have some little bravery about you...if you want to email abuse, great. But for god's sake, don't hide. I'm quite prepared for you. As you well know.
Edit: I didn't mean YOU particularly. I meant the people I was referring to in the answer. It was 'you plural'. Sorry if you thought I meant you personally. 0 4 2 Login to reply the answers Post good guy Lv
7 1 decade ago well, rush touts himself as a shill for the republican party--or at least that's what he said after the whuppin' the right took in the 06 elections. No wait, rush said he was the right's "water carrier"-- i gotta get the quote accurate. So i'd say he was representative of the right, yes. Now, ann coulter is a bit different, because i heard "she" was really ANDY coulter up until a few years ago....ever notice "she" is never linked with any men? hmmm, interesting....i'd have to say ann/andy was also representative, i guess, what with the likes of larry craig, and mark foley, and rev ted haggard, and jeff cannon.... 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Not even close. Not even remotely close. I might as well ask if Bill Maher is representative of all Democrats.
Millions of people in this country, it's not black and white. There's more of a spectrum. I'd say that more of us are either socially liberal and economically conservative, or vice versa than are staunch crazy religious zealots who want to turn our constitution into Leviticus and the Ten Commandments.
0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post msmanners212 Lv
5 1 decade ago As a Republican I would say no. They represent the most extreme, right wing side of the party. Most conservatives are more moderate. 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago I believe they have to be more vocal and belligerent than most Republicans would be to effectively get their message across.
If you watch or listen to them a lot, you may start to copy the communication techniques that they use.
0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Polka D 1 decade ago No, that's like saying Strom Thurmond and George McGovern are representative of most Democrats.
What a freeking horrid question. 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post curiousD Lv
5 1 decade ago I don't think so.
Most Republicans are normal people who realize that they're full of hot air just just out for publicity. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Nope they sometimes slam fellow Republicans. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Pure Republican Evil 1 decade ago No, they're much smarter and more polite than average Republicans. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago No. We enjoy their conservative commentary though
...they are funny in a "no-holds-barred" sort of way
...quite entertaining, but often times annoying also. Sean Hannity is more representative of most Republicans
...very concise, respectful, fair, moral, conservative, informed, patriotic, assertive intelligent and articulate! 0 5 4 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (5) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Should all Libscums be publically executed for their crimes against this Great Christian Nation, and against GOD HIMSELF? 7 answers Who do you think is the more gentle, decent and honorable of the two men, George W. Bush or Joe Biden? 6 answers How can Trump loose the election but still remain president.... Is it possible? 20 answers Who will you be voting for in November? 8 answers are you looking forward to the Presidential debates"? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who do you think is the more gentle, decent and honorable of the two men, George W. Bush or Joe Biden? Is Biden actually going to win? How many of you are voting by mail this election? I've been doing it for years.? Two questions - will Biden win? And if so, will he last? Should all Libscums be publically executed for their crimes against this Great Christian Nation, and against GOD HIMSELF? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites