Police in toronto and peel hiring? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Law Enforcement & Police
·
6 years ago Police in toronto and peel hiring? Hello all I was wondering if anyone knows when the next hiring period is for these two forces. Also want to know how often they hire ? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Jim B Lv
7 6 years ago Favorite Answer If you want be hired as a Police officer...... You need to be able to FIND information using a computer. Start by finding the recruiting websites, for both Toronto and Peel, and READ the information, and MAKE a copy of each one on paper, for future reference.
Now for the basic facts. ALL Police services in Canada have to operate within a BUDGET, that means they can't hire more people, unless they have the money in the budget to PAY them, and train them, and equip them with all the stuff that is required. Simple fact....no money, no new hires.
The single most expensive part of any Police department's budget is WAGES, the amount that each officer is paid, per week, all year long. Add to that the cost of benefits, such as life insurance, uniforms, vehicles, gasoline, buildings, electricity, heating and so on. The Toronto Police Service annual budget is in the MILLIONS
of dollars, each year. Same for Peel. All of this comes down to a simple fact,
if they don't
have the money in the budget, they can't hire new people.
Jim B. Toronto. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What would happen if I did this prank to a cop? 10 answers Was George Floyd ever in trouble with the police before he died? 23 answers My co-worker, who’s 46, said he promises (lies) to underage girls in his country U.S. citizenship in exchange for sex.  How do I report him? 8 answers Tulsa Oklahoma and Atlanta Georgia police both murdered unarmed black men last night. When will it stop? 7 answers What is the purpose of the police to plant drugs? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What would happen? If you try to grab the taser from a female officer trying to arrest you? What is the purpose of the police to plant drugs? Libertarians:  Should Giving a Merchant a Bad Check be a Crime? Tulsa Oklahoma and Atlanta Georgia police both murdered unarmed black men last night. When will it stop? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites