the odd undemocratic? senate race in delaware ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Elections
·
1 decade ago the odd undemocratic? senate race in delaware ? from what i have heard senator joe biden is running for re-election only thing he is also running for vice president so if he wins that he has to give up senate seat . only thing is his replacement would have to be appointed , so essentialy the voters of delaware are voting for a senator to be chosen by there govenor that they have no idea who could be .only the democrats possibly think this is democratic if this actually happens . Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance canada1usa0 Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer as long as its a democrat we dont care 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post raybbies Lv
5 1 decade ago What does Dela- wear
for elections. Source(s):
Play on words 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions who will be the president after the next election? 12 answers Who do you think is the more gentle, decent and honorable of the two men, George W. Bush or Joe Biden? 9 answers Is Biden actually going to win? 8 answers Who will you be voting for in November? 9 answers How can Trump loose the election but still remain president.... Is it possible? 20 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is Biden actually going to win? Do most white Democrats truly love minorities, or do they feel they have to act like they do in today's society? Poll - What is your favorite news or new organization slogan? Who is Biden's new running mate? How do you like with the Democratic Party has evolved to just look at Seattle that is your new Democratic Party? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites