Whats the excuse this time --- liberating Libya chasing Osama in Libya or just plain plundering we broke? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
9 years ago Whats the excuse this time --- liberating Libya chasing Osama in Libya or just plain plundering we broke? Egypt -- and our fearless leaders sat on their hands and scratched their heads -- a few more unimportant nations followed suit and then they all got in one big line and read from the same choir book page for Libya
So is it going to be sold as an -- answering the damsel in distress and rescuing her from the dark King abuser --- another in the long series of liberating the people and something about apple pies
Or -- is it chasing down relentless wrong doer with 50 million on his head that keeps getting away at the last moments only justifying another edition to the endless war Osama stands in the way of democracy and we are after the cave dwelling Generals forces behind enemy lines in Libya ?
Or will it be a surprise truthful admission this time
Plunder Update : *********** xpatinasia
Oh I think you will find our little wanna be Hortio Hornblower of Conservative minorityville has already sent a warship to Libya He is the stooge that wants to impress maybe with luck he can kiss every buttock cheek in the Senate before it closes up
Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance syjuecofamily 9 years ago Favorite Answer Force of habit. The US has just got to dip its finger on anything outside its shores. Remember, the Americans invented the superhero. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Oh it's okay, the 0bama admistration hasn't got the "Cajones" to do anything! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post xpatinasia Lv
7 9 years ago Neither.
Canada isn't involved. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 36 answers Genuine question, why did America vote for Trump? 183 answers Do you think America has a race problem? 97 answers What will your reaction be if Donald Trump gets elected? 82 answers Why do conservatives accuse people calling for unity of being divisive? 137 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Has Donald Trump ever said anything racist? Does Joe Biden have a collection of women's hair like Dexter Morgan has a collection of blood samples? What happened to Libertarian frontrunner Jacob Hornberger- he was way ahead and now his party has dumped him for Jo Jorgensen? The next time a black man shoots a cop, who will join me in protesting and looting black neighborhoods? On a scale of 1-10, how racist was Donald Trump's pitch to have a 'blacks vs. whites" apprentice contest? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites