Is Butterscotch Pudding Flammable? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products bjsharkman bjsharkman
asked in
Politics & Government Law & Ethics
·
4 years ago Is Butterscotch Pudding Flammable? This is incredibly important, we need to know for fighting a vampire - any answer is appreciated. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Ken 4 years ago Favorite Answer No stupid everyone knows vampires love butterscotch pudding, only werewolves run from butterscotch pudding. You have to use strawberry jello against vampires, but the smell of dying vampires and strawberry jello will attract gargoyles so have some bleu cheese on hand to get rid of the gargoyles. On rare occasions however using bleu cheese to ward offgargoyles might attract a sasquatch and nothing can prevent a sasquatch attack, but you can try some beef jerky. I have seen some t.v. commercials that show a sasquatch eating beef jerky 1 2 0 bjsharkman 4 years ago Report Thank you, but the question also has another part, we aren't trying to attract or scare off vampires, one of us is a Druid and is planning on turning into an elephant and sitting on his coffin -we have a bag that creates infinite butterscotch pudding and want to use to pudding to burn him/his coffin Login to reply the answers Post Jamal 4 years ago Yes it is. I've just tried it.
It seems to burn for a long time but it's difficult to light and doesn't have a very large flame. 1 1 0 bjsharkman 4 years ago Report Thank you Jamal, this combined with the other answer is very helpful. I hereby award you with the national Barovian "Orange Lung" medal for bravery, as Purple Hearts are gross. Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can I sue every single white person for damages? 11 answers Why don't we have laws against being obese? 13 answers If you had an employee who was accused of a serious crime like rape or murder would you keep letting them work or fire them immediately? 17 answers Can I legally slap & spit on a child abuser who violently attacked me as a 12 year old at school when he was 58? Now I’m 30 & a grown man? 10 answers Is it wrong for a 16 year old to date an 18 year old? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is natural law closer to American conservatism or liberalism? Does every single black person try to play the race card when they get stopped by police these days? can i ask for house arrest? Serious apart issues, what can i do? I posted a message on Twitter saying that if Republicans accept Trump’s endorsement, they will lose.  Do you agree? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites