Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products My Name Sucks Too Lv
4 My Name Sucks Too
asked in
Politics & Government Military
·
1 decade ago Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry? Im Canadian and was just wondering how I can join one of the PPCLI regiments. I want to join one of its regiments over all the other Canadian regiments because the PPCLI have been credited with beginning very professional and practically being one of the back bones of the Canadian Army. Would I have to go up to Edmonton where one of thier regimental bases are and apply there or would I just have to request to be in one of thier regiments. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance knh959 Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer You don't apply directly to the PPCLI.
(there's only one regiment of PPCLI by the way, so it's Regiment not Regiments).
You first apply to join the Canadian Forces as an Infantryman.
Assuming you're selected for the infantry you'll go off to basic training (about 13 weeks) along with other recruits from all trades and branches.
You easily could be next to an airforce or navy guy every time you turn around.
You'll be given the opportunity to REQUEST assignment to the Patricias while in basic training.
Assuming that you don't speak french, the only other option is the Royal Canadian Regiment, so you chances of getting the Patricias are quite good.
Your next step would be to attend basic infantry training at the PPCLI Battle School in Wainwright Alberta.
Assuming you pass that course, you'd be posted to one of the three Patricia Battalions.
The first and third battalions are based in Edmonton and the 2nd is based in Shilo, Manitoba. Good luck. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago You'll go where they need you. My cousin was in the army, 2nd Battalion Royal Canadian Regiment. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why was the United States unprepared for Covid-19? 9 answers Why would anyone want to join the Navy? You just die right away? 10 answers Should military bases named for Confederate leaders be renamed? 11 answers Why Seattle mayor allow police Dept takeover, against sending in military bc "unconstitutional and illegal"? Police ARE a unit of military? 6 answers what's the ruling Elite want? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions the US military won't protect you? Can anyone authenticate this navy seal cap? ? Did US submarine Commanders stand watches in Ww2? Why does the US military use children as soldiers since the age to enlist is less than 21? CIA wants to kill me. I am the same guy from Iran (Mst Asg). What to do? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites