Between American Samoa, Guam, Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and Virgin Islands, how many delegates do they get | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Kate Kate
asked in
Politics & Government Elections
·
1 decade ago Between American Samoa, Guam, Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and Virgin Islands, how many delegates do they get I'm just curious how many delegates they get to send between them to each National Convention. Update : The don't get to vote for president, but the parties (which are not officially part of the Government) allow them to send delegates to the national convention to decide who will run in the general election under the party name. I'm curious as to how many delegates get sent from each of the territories. Update 2 : Private First Class Torres. I asked about delegates to party conventions, not votes in the general elections. Read the question entirely and understand the political process before you respond. Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance labken1817 Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Wow, Interesting how uninformed peopel are in answering this question. For the Democratic Party ---------------------------------------------------- Guam - 9
American Samoa - 9 Dems Abroad - 11 D.C. - 38 Puerto Rico - 63 Virgin Islands - 9 ------------------------------------- Total = 139 total Republican Party ---------------------------------------------------- Guam - 9
American Samoa - 9 D.C. - 19 Marianas - 9 Puerto Rico - 23 Virgin Islands - 9 ------------------------------------- Total = 78 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post audie 4 years ago you know why and so do I. If one didn't know this was going to go around then one didn't understand what is going on. Today there was protest out in force in France. This is having a baring on everyone. Cars are made around the world. Then the suppliers are all over the world. Where I live in the condo complex has half of the 172 homes in foreclose. this means half the money to run this place. Which means our bills are being paid late and not all the money . We have never been in this position before here. We can't afford to take care of a problem that may crop up. They are not opening the pool this year to save money. Not cutting lawn once a week. Not turning on the outside water, and the sprinklers. Cutting back on maintenance to four days a week and it goes on. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post the Don 1 decade ago Only the 50 states of the US have delegates.
Those are provinces or territories so they do not get to vote in election. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post skiracer712 Lv
4 1 decade ago None, they are only territories and not states.
Only states get a say in our government. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in World Peace Girl Lv
4 1 decade ago Instead of continuous editing on my answer just go here http://www.thisnation.com/question/021.html The numbers are laid out for each party. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post gcason Lv
6 1 decade ago They get 0.
They also don't have to pay any national income taxes, so I guess it works out. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Pfo Lv
7 1 decade ago None, they aren't states and they don't pay taxes.
No representation without taxation! 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago THey dont vote. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post long live our sacred America Lv
6 1 decade ago I don't think they get any 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions who will be the president after the next election? 12 answers Who do you think is the more gentle, decent and honorable of the two men, George W. Bush or Joe Biden? 9 answers Is Biden actually going to win? 8 answers Who will you be voting for in November? 9 answers How can Trump loose the election but still remain president.... Is it possible? 20 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who do you think is the more gentle, decent and honorable of the two men, George W. Bush or Joe Biden? How do you like with the Democratic Party has evolved to just look at Seattle that is your new Democratic Party? When will we get justice for Ebba Akerlund? ? Do most white Democrats truly love minorities, or do they feel they have to act like they do in today's society? Who is Biden's new running mate? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites