Canadian Forces Cadet Instructor? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Tyler Tyler
asked in
Politics & Government Military
·
7 years ago Canadian Forces Cadet Instructor? What do you do as a Cadet Instructor, and, is it an entry level job? Or does it take time in the service to transition to a Cadet Instructor? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Bradley245 Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer You instruct cadets. Usually you will work one evening per week, plus some weekends providing training to cadets. You do not need to have been a cadet, but the cadet unit you work at likely won't allow you to join unless you have volunteered for several years and proven yourself as a competent instructor. Entry level job? Don't think of it as a job, the pay is minimal unless you can get a summer contract, and there are not many opportunities for advancement outside of the cadet unit. You are volunteering your time to work with youth, and you happen to get a bit of pay. CIC members (called COATs now I think) are members of the Canadian Forces, but are not trained to the same level; they are only taught to instruct cadets, no combat or operational training whatsoever. If a cadet instructor wanted to do another job in the military they would have to go through basic training and all the other required training like everybody else. Source(s):
Current CF regular force member, former cadet instructor 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why was the United States unprepared for Covid-19? 9 answers Why would anyone want to join the Navy? You just die right away? 10 answers Should military bases named for Confederate leaders be renamed? 11 answers Why Seattle mayor allow police Dept takeover, against sending in military bc "unconstitutional and illegal"? Police ARE a unit of military? 6 answers what's the ruling Elite want? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is a medical waiver possible? ? the US military won't protect you? Why not keep the bases named after Confederate leaders for the purpose of reconciliation, but have a base named after Yamamoto or Rommel? what are the greatest speeches in fiction? Why does the US military use children as soldiers since the age to enlist is less than 21? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites