Obama and Cuba ..is it true? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
1 decade ago Obama and Cuba ..is it true? that he wants to open up trade with Cuba and if so what do you think about this , good idea or bad idea? Update : I never said Cuba was evil I was asking people thier personal opinions on
the
trade with Cuba Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anna P Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer That's the best way to spread democracy--not the embargo.
That's been pushed by mostly republican Cuban emigres to the Miami area.
It's time to move on. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post CandyFeatures Lv
6 1 decade ago I wish people, particularly americans, would get over there Cuba is evil idea. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 36 answers Genuine question, why did America vote for Trump? 183 answers Do you think America has a race problem? 97 answers What will your reaction be if Donald Trump gets elected? 82 answers Why do conservatives accuse people calling for unity of being divisive? 137 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Has Donald Trump ever said anything racist? Was it worth $75K in taxpayer money to send Trump Jr. to Mongolia so he could shoot one of the rarest animals in the world? Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? What happened to Libertarian frontrunner Jacob Hornberger- he was way ahead and now his party has dumped him for Jo Jorgensen? Does the Wendy’s that called the police on the man who fell asleep in the drive thru, deserve to be burned ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites