Romney red lube or Obama blue lube -- you know for the asset plundering afterwards Vote now? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
8 years ago Romney red lube or Obama blue lube -- you know for the asset plundering afterwards Vote now? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance doug4jets Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer Heh heh.
I'd LoL it it weren't so sad.
Excellent aliteration though, and I'd like to subscribe to your newsletter.
But don't worry, I'll be voting for a different guy (or girl).
Maybe even Merlin Miller:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedd... Source(s):
QE3, QE4, QE5... 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post knotooez 8 years ago Unless your a wealthy business owner I would recommend the blue lube.... 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Speed Racer Lv
5 8 years ago Who has a smaller slong has my vote! Where is the Asian? 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post No Chance without Pennies II 8 years ago are you the gay marriage serial poster? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 36 answers Genuine question, why did America vote for Trump? 183 answers Do you think America has a race problem? 97 answers What will your reaction be if Donald Trump gets elected? 82 answers Why do conservatives accuse people calling for unity of being divisive? 137 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? What happened to Libertarian frontrunner Jacob Hornberger- he was way ahead and now his party has dumped him for Jo Jorgensen? The next time a black man shoots a cop, who will join me in protesting and looting black neighborhoods? Does the Wendy’s that called the police on the man who fell asleep in the drive thru, deserve to be burned ? what if one of the protestors shot fireworks at a gas station next to the Wendy's on fire now? would it be a massive explosion? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites