Stephen Harper's hidden agenda? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
1 decade ago Stephen Harper's hidden agenda? ... i know it sounds stupid, but does anybody have the slightest idea as to what it is? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance arca Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Stephen Harper's hidden agenda?
I don’t think he has a hidden agenda.
His agenda is absolutely clear to anybody and well described by t-shirt guy & bfarl33. As far as I am concerned, he could have anything he wants, as long as he doesn’t have means to ruin this country. So, kick him out of the 24 Sussex Drive and let us be, what we have deserved, free and un-intimidated Nation. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago People tend to forget that Harper was once a part of the Alliance/Reform Party. Most of that crew were a bunch of flakes who were either Evangelic Christians,
Alberta rednecks and very neo conservative weirdos.
A lot of them are still there under the Conservative banner. Harper has kept a very tight rein on them because they really are a bunch of flakes. Some of them have had their wrists slapped recently for disparaging remarks during the election campaign. Here is what I believe is a part of his hidden agenda: (1) Total economic integration with the US under NAFTA. (2) Side with fundamental Christians to encourage a closer relationship between Church and State. (3)Draconian laws within the Criminal Justice system that lean more to the unreasonable, especially for young offenders. (4) Protect Tar Sands production by limiting and/or decreasing any laws that cover environmental protection. (5) Deregulate many laws protecting consumers. (6) Increase military spending way above what is required. (7) Increase tax breaks for the rich and for corporations. (8)Downgrade financial support for a variety of social programs, including the arts. (9) Remove many barriers to allow more foreign investment in Canada and the takeover of Canadian businesses. (10) Cater to the pharmaceutical companies. (11) Allow a two tier health care system, one private and one universal. There are more, but that's enough to give you an idea of what he's up to if he ends up with a majority government. I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw him. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago He wants a Majority so he can basically run the country on his own.
He is a control freak, just look at the idiots he has for cabinet ministers.
They can't make a move or speak to the media without his okay.
He reminds me of Past leaders like Stalin or Hitler.
He doesn't care about culture or the environment and
that apology to our native peoples was so empty.
He wants to be a Dictator. Source(s):
This info was shared with me over a couple pints with the local conservative candidate, he is running only because of the money he'll make if elected.
Ihope the Liberals and NDP and Greens KIck Harpers butt. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I would be more worried about Barack Hussein Obama's hidden agenda.
0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Libs, does it make you seethe to know nearly 1 million people have requested tickets to Tulsa rally? Why is prison rape so widespread in America? Lincoln once described slavery as, "You work, I eat." Doesn't that pretty much describe today's Democrat Party? Wonder Woman says we are all to blame, Do you agree? Why didn't Obama donate all his salary like TRUMP does? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites