Why do all these burly guys at McCain rallies suddenly have such affection for Israel? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Elections
·
1 decade ago Why do all these burly guys at McCain rallies suddenly have such affection for Israel? Especially since Sarah Palin's church can be thought to have such anti-semitic views. An example of this is her church's hosting a Jews for Jesus group. During that group's visit they told the congregation that the bombings in Israel were justified as Jews were not following the right path and thus Jesus would never return until Israel fell. She was standing on the stage with these speakers at the time this was said. Her priest has also proclaimed that God fully intended her to enter government.
http://www.israelenews.com/view.asp?ID=3...
Update : Jack, you've never met Sarah Palin so why you are voting for her? pretty much same argument plus guessing you've never gone to Obama's church so why can you judge him.
(oh I've met Barack Obama) Update 2 : Regular Guy: That was a retirement party. Beyond that what about McCain's own connection to Mr Khalidi?
quote: "emerged that Mr McCain had his own connection to Mr Khalidi. The Arizona senator is chairman of the International Republican Institute, which donated nearly $500,000 (£300,000) in 1993 to a Palestinian research group founded by Mr Khalidi."
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and... Update 3 : Sorry guys I rechecked my first link and it didn't seem to work so here's a new one: http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0908/13098.ht... Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Sufi Musfaad 1 decade ago Favorite Answer They lie! It's just their flavor of the week scare tactic. Hey I know that no party has a monopoly on telling half-truths and making up political smears, but Palin is taking this whole politically ignorant-backwoods-soccer mom-politician-speaking-in-tongues thing to the next scary level. Not only to do they hold right wing whackjob views on Israel, but they also have a strong involvement with that openly anti- American group that wants to cecede Alaska from the United States. Palin's husband has known ties to this movement.
So is this what Palin means by "Pro-American" areas of the nation? My rule of thumb is as follows; whenever a politician denies all scientific knowledge and simple common sense in favor of a fundamentalist bible-oriented belief that evolution is not real and that the Earth is only 6000 years old, and Jesus is coming or whatever, I stop listening to them. You all should too. This right wing poisonous crap is just pure ignorance, the kind of thing you don't want your kids exposed to, the racist, exclusive and isolationist ideology that has kept humanity fighting amongst themselves throughout our history. Source(s):
Common Sense 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Suzie Lv
4 1 decade ago She is a disgusting witch! Every time you see her she's screeching out some criticism of Obama. Why hasn't she learned something about the issues by now? you might say, "It doesn't matter, John McCain is running for President and not her", but if you don't think McCain feels exactly the same about Israel, blacks, and certain areas on the map being "unAmerican" as she does, then you are too gullible for words! 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post babygrl2 1 decade ago McShame's sheep will follow him faithfully, listen to him carefully, and obey him no matter what he says or does. He is manipulating them, and getting them to believe in things that they don't even have knowledge of. Most of them have not gone past 8th grade, let alone know anything about Israel or any other country. Mind you, these are the same folks that hate you because you don't look like, sound like, or smell like them, so what could they possibly know about Israel. Anyone listening to or following that trick Palin, well, they're just plain stupid.
0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ingrid Lv
7 1 decade ago I have asked the same question over and over again. You are right, Palin's Church is very anti semitic. Who is being protected here by the media.
0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Red-eye Coyote Lv
7 1 decade ago I'm pretty sure you've never BEEN to Sarah Palins church and I'm positive you don't know that those burly guys didn't always feel that way.
BYE. If I were voting for the Republicans I can assure you I wouldn't be voting FOR Sarah Palin, I'd be voting for McCain. 0 1 5 Login to reply the answers Post RegularGuy 1 decade ago You obliviously have been misinformed, nothing like that was ever said.
Also have you not heard of Obama's connection to Khalidi? http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2008/10/the_ob... 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Dan the TEA Man Lv
6 1 decade ago Because Israel is a staunch American ally that keeps an eye on the Arab extremists. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Whatever McCain says is GOLDEN to those "burly/FAT" rednecks. Plus there are free Krispy Kremes all around! 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Lee Lv
7 1 decade ago Because they were told what to think, as usual. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago she's sickening.
0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions who will be the president after the next election? 12 answers Who do you think is the more gentle, decent and honorable of the two men, George W. Bush or Joe Biden? 9 answers Is Biden actually going to win? 8 answers Who will you be voting for in November? 9 answers How can Trump loose the election but still remain president.... Is it possible? 20 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is Biden actually going to win? Why did Michael Dukakis' tank photo effect his 1988 campaign so badly? Do most white Democrats truly love minorities, or do they feel they have to act like they do in today's society? How do you like with the Democratic Party has evolved to just look at Seattle that is your new Democratic Party? who will be the president after the next election? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites