Is nuclear armed
Pakistan our enemy now -- ? ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
1 decade ago Is nuclear armed
Pakistan our enemy now -- ? ? India steps up war signals against Pak Mon, 22 Dec 2008 00:52:19 GMT Ruling Congress Party Chief Sonia Gandhi India's Congress Chief Sonia Gandhi says her country is capable of giving a 'befitting reply' to those using Pakistan soil for promoting terrorism http://www.presstv.ir/Detail.aspx?id=79158§ionid=3... Pakistan militants 'threat to the world' Mon, 22 Dec 2008 23:21:00 GMT Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee India's Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee says terrorists based in Pakistan are 'the biggest threat to the world's stability and security'. http://www.presstv.ir/Detail.aspx?id=79243§ionid=3... US missile strike kills 8 in Pakistan Mon, 22 Dec 2008 12:16:36 GMT US Predator drones are usually armed with Hellfire missiles. At least eight people have been killed and several others injured after a suspected US drone fired missiles in a Pakistani tribal area. The pilotless drone fired two missiles on a house in Kari Kot area in South Waziristan bordering Afghanistan, a Press TV correspondent reported. In recent months, Pakistan's tribal areas have been the scene of US missile strikes. Although the United States claims that the strikes have been directed at militants, many civilians have been among the victims of the attacks. http://www.presstv.ir/Detail.aspx?id=79166§ionid=3... Update : People's Daily, the mouthpiece of the central committee of the Communist Party of China, which alleged that the Mumbai attack was the work of radical Hindus from India rather than terrorists who came from Pakistan http://www.atimes.com/atimes/South_Asia/JL12Df03.h... Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Could be. If someone was TRYING to kcuf up they couldn't have done a better job.
<Mullen in Pakistan, meets Kayani Pakistan News.Net Monday 22nd December, 2008 (IANS) Admiral Mike Mullen, chairman of the US joint chiefs of staff, Monday met Pakistan Army chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani on his second visit to Islamabad in less than 20 days to discuss the situation arising after the Mumbai terrorist attacks. Officials said Mullen's visit came after Pakistan told the US that any threats from India can destabilise Islamabad's efforts against terrorism as the Pakistan Army engaged on western borders would be shifted to the eastern borders. According to television channels quoting unnamed officials, General Kayani told Admiral Mullen that Pakistan was capable of meeting any aggression and will 'give India a befitting reply if it attacked Pakistan'. Both military officials in their meeting exchanged views on the Pakistan-India situation, war on terror, the Pakistan-Afghanistan border situation and overall security in the region. Earlier, Admiral Mullen called on National Security Advisor Mehmood Ali Durrani. Mullen will meet President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani.> Source(s):
http://www.pakistannews.net/story/445227 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It sure sounds like it, and Obama wants to send more roops to Afghanistan. I hope they don't slip into Pakistan , but you never know. Right now the Pentagon is more friendly to India, because Man Mohan Singh signed an agreement with Bush, to develop nuclear capability. If BJP wins the elections, God forbid, they'll also be in America's hip pocket as their past governments showed. A bad overall situation. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I sure wish everyone would watch the Tom Hanks movie,
"Charlie Wilson's War" We got Israel, Egypt, the Saudis and Pakistan together to support the Afghan's in Kicking the Soviets Ars! Then we couldn't afford 1 million dollars to help rebuild some schools so the next freaks of nature (The Taliban) couldn't just walk in and take over.
Fcuking Stupid Source(s):
ol white biker 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post georgia peach 1 decade ago pakistan has been my enemy ever since they wouldn't kill osama.... 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 36 answers Genuine question, why did America vote for Trump? 183 answers Do you think America has a race problem? 97 answers What will your reaction be if Donald Trump gets elected? 82 answers Why do conservatives accuse people calling for unity of being divisive? 137 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Was it worth $75K in taxpayer money to send Trump Jr. to Mongolia so he could shoot one of the rarest animals in the world? If everyone's lives matter, shouldn't we not take unnecessary risks like intentionally breaking the law? Does the Wendy’s that called the police on the man who fell asleep in the drive thru, deserve to be burned ? what if one of the protestors shot fireworks at a gas station next to the Wendy's on fire now? would it be a massive explosion? I posted a message on Twitter saying that if Republicans accept Trump’s endorsement, they will lose.  Do you agree? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites