Principle of fundamental justice? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products kevin09132002 kevin09132002
asked in
Politics & Government Law & Ethics
·
1 decade ago Principle of fundamental justice? What principle of fundamental justice is involved when a prospective is challenged for cause? Thank you. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer This should explain it in conjunction with Canadian law but the basic Principle holds true for all jurisdictions.~ Fundamental justice is a legal term that signifies a dynamic concept of fairness underlying the administration of justice and its operation, whereas principles of fundamental justice are specific legal principles that command "significant societal consensus" as "fundamental to the way in which the legal system ought fairly to operate."[1] These principles may stipulate basic procedural rights afforded to anyone facing an adjudicative process or procedure that affects fundamental rights and freedoms, and certain substantive standards related to the rule of law that regulate the actions of the state (e.g., the rule against unclear or vague laws). The degree of protection dictated by these standards and procedural rights vary in accordance with the precise context, involving a contextual analysis of the affected person's interests. In other words, the more a person's rights or interests are adversely affected, the more procedural or substantive protections must be afforded to that person in order to respect the principles of fundamental justice.[2] A legislative or administrative framework that respects the principles of fundamental justice, as such, must be fundamentally fair to the person affected, but does not necessarily have to strike the "right balance" between individual and societal interests in general.[3] Fundamental justice, although closely associated with, is not to be confused with the concepts of due process, natural justice, and Wednesbury unreasonableness. The term is used primarily in Canadian and New Zealand law, including in the Canadian Bill of Rights and the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.~ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Sixth Amendment to the US Constitution. Read it yourself. Oh no, wait, you can't. It will bite you. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do I do about this? 14 answers Can I sue every single white person for damages? 22 answers I was fired cause of no child care due to vivid 19. Unemployment wasn’t approved. I appealed now I have a hearing over the phone. Can I win? 10 answers Is it wrong for a 16 year old to date an 18 year old? 16 answers The kids behind my house on private private property of the Country club Continues what should i do now? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions True or False? My friends grandfather was a slave owner. should i have his hole family arrested for treason? All else being equal, how would each of the following affect the demand for M1(Narrow money)? The demand for M2 (broad money)? Explain.? My GF broke up with me can i sue? can I sue my parents if I get injured doing chores? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites