If Trump were actually a smart businessman, wouldn't he be trying to sell impeach Trump merchandise? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Cindy LGPB Lv
7 Cindy LGPB
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
2 years ago If Trump were actually a smart businessman, wouldn't he be trying to sell impeach Trump merchandise? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance ? Lv
7 2 years ago Favorite Answer He's nothing more than a mediocre "businessman." He's got 4 bankruptcies, and numerous failed businesses, like Trump Steaks, Trump vodka, Trump Mortgage, etc, etc. The only thing he's "smart" at is helping Russians launder their money; he's been doing it for decades. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post frombrum Lv
7 2 years ago he lost his Chinese factory contacts 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Where is the food for thought? Lv
7 2 years ago Yes 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post acid victim 25 Lv
7 2 years ago How do you know he isn't doing it now? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 2 years ago What makes you think he doesn't? He very well could be selling them under another business name or pusdo-name. Or has an investment in a company that does, and makes a profit off of it. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 2 years ago or the opposite..... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why does America let poor choices actually win in either Republican or Democratic parties? Is communism the future in America because people are protesting about being oppressed ? Why does systemic racism exist ? When will BLM realize that the Democrat Party & Liberal media had hijack the "Peaceful Riots" ... just so they could win the elections? If you saw a black guy assaulting two officers and/or taking their taser would step in & help restrain the black guy so it wouldnt escalate? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites