What can an employer use when hiring? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Nikolai Nikolai
asked in
Politics & Government Law & Ethics
·
4 years ago What can an employer use when hiring? What things can employer legally use when choosing an employee? Can they deny a job because of: 1) a physical disability that would affect the work 2) a physical disability that wouldn't affect performance 3) Religion 4) Ideologies/political beliefs 5) Race 6) Mental disability that requires accommodation 7) Looks or external factors (flight attendant job refused because too ugly) 8) Records (Internet activity) And also, where does the matter stand if the employer denies that the reason for the person not being hired is the fact that they are not a good candidate for the job. I've heard that employers can't really refuse a person because of any racial or discriminatory factor. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Bob B Lv
7 4 years ago Favorite Answer In the USA, employers can basically refuse employees a job for any reason they like, unless it's a prohibited reason such as race or gender (it's not always easy to prove that this was the reason). So for instance, if they had a policy where they didn't hire black people, that would be illegal, although they could refuse to hire a black person for some other non-prohibited reason. The prohibited reasons are: race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), national origin, age (40 or older), disability or genetic information. However, there are "bona fide occupational qualification" exceptions to that, which basically means that if one of these factors is reasonably necessary for the job being advertised, it is acceptable (e.g. a manufacturer of women's clothing can advertise a position for female models, for instance). In the case of a disability, the fact that the disability requires an accomodation is not enough- if the accomodation can be reasonably provided it must be (this goes for physical or mental). Disabilities that make it unreasonably difficult or impossible to do the job can be a valid reason, though, and in some cases are even a legal requirement- e.g. airline pilots cannot have epilepsy or diabetes that requires insulin therapy, as this can be a safety issue if anything happens while flying the plane. Some states go a bit further and add on other protected reasons- most have one or two more but it differs depending on state. They can include things such as marital status, political beliefs, etc. One or two states also say that engaging in "lawful activity" outside the workplace cannot be used as a valid reason to not hire someone- so for instance, if one goes to the local strip club or something outside of work hours, even if the employer doesn't like that sort of thing, that isn't a good enough reason to refuse to hire them. Records such as internet activity aren't protected, and some employers now ask employees to log into their Facebook account during the interview to see what is being posted there, and that's generally legal. They can't exactly hack into your home computer though. If the employer denies that the reason for refusing the job is not that they are a bad candidate, then it depends on what the reason is- if it's one of the prohibited reasons, then it can be challenged. If not, generally it isn't. Most employers will these days say that someone isn't the best candidate for the job and someone else was better. It can be difficult to challenge this but it is sometimes possible. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can I sue every single white person for damages? 11 answers Why don't we have laws against being obese? 13 answers If you had an employee who was accused of a serious crime like rape or murder would you keep letting them work or fire them immediately? 17 answers Can I legally slap & spit on a child abuser who violently attacked me as a 12 year old at school when he was 58? Now I’m 30 & a grown man? 10 answers Is it wrong for a 16 year old to date an 18 year old? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Serious apart issues, what can i do? can i ask for house arrest? Why isn’t DUI punishable by a life sentence? Is natural law closer to American conservatism or liberalism? is it illegal to steal an american flag from a school then put it in a public toilet? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites