what are laws on keeping your anonymity? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Law & Ethics
·
9 years ago what are laws on keeping your anonymity? I ordered flowers for a girl and just wanted to keep my name in the dark for a while to keep her guessing for a bit. Does that store/business have to keep my anonymous or..? Just need some clarity please, I worry a lot about little things so any help would be great. Thanks! Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Sans Deity Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer Just specify that you wish these to be sent anonymously and the shop won't give out your name; it's a pretty common request. But legally, no, they are under no LEGAL obligation to keep you anonymous and if they don't, you have no legal recourse to sue them or anything either if that's what you're asking.
But, like I said, they won't give your name if you make sure you make it clear you want them sent as "from your secret admirer" or whatever. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago The store owner has no legal obligation to keep you anonymous. That said, there would be very few florists who wouldn't honor this simple request. If somebody has a restraining order against you and you send them flowers anonymously, they (or the police) could very easily get a subpoena to find out if it was you, so if that's what you're thinking, don't. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Can I sue every single white person for damages? 11 answers Why don't we have laws against being obese? 13 answers If you had an employee who was accused of a serious crime like rape or murder would you keep letting them work or fire them immediately? 17 answers Can I legally slap & spit on a child abuser who violently attacked me as a 12 year old at school when he was 58? Now I’m 30 & a grown man? 10 answers Is it wrong for a 16 year old to date an 18 year old? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Serious apart issues, what can i do? Is natural law closer to American conservatism or liberalism? If a Chihuahua dog were to bite the mailman. What would happen to the dog and the owner? is it illegal to steal an american flag from a school then put it in a public toilet? can i ask for house arrest? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites