Do Republicans in Congress only support unemployment befits for themselves? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Elections
·
7 years ago Do Republicans in Congress only support unemployment befits for themselves? They aren't working due to the government shutdown. But they are getting paid? Way more than regular unemployment benefits
Haven't they ever heard of hypocrisy? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance darrin b Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Of course.
They care nothing about the American people.
Think about it.
Exactly what have they accomplished by letting the government shut down?
President Obama is still the president.
ObamaCare is still the law of the land.
And Obamacare is still going forward. So exactly what have they accomplished by their latest stunt? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jeff D Lv
7 7 years ago But they are working.
Both the House and Senate are in session. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago do democrats in congress only support unemployment benefits for themselves? 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Linus Upp Lv
6 7 years ago Politicians are in public office for private gain. That's all you need to know. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 7 years ago Democrats are also being paid. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post James E Lewis AKA choteau Lv
7 7 years ago Oh, yea! You hit it on the head! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Should all Libscums be publically executed for their crimes against this Great Christian Nation, and against GOD HIMSELF? 7 answers Who do you think is the more gentle, decent and honorable of the two men, George W. Bush or Joe Biden? 6 answers How can Trump loose the election but still remain president.... Is it possible? 20 answers Who will you be voting for in November? 8 answers are you looking forward to the Presidential debates"? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How is it we has 45 presidents and 53 Super Bowls when ,George jefferson become 1st president 100 of years before 1st super bowl? Conspiracy? Two questions - will Biden win? And if so, will he last? When will we get justice for Ebba Akerlund? ? Who is Biden's new running mate? Is Biden actually going to win? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites