What is the American?Israeli agenda any way? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
1 decade ago What is the American?Israeli agenda any way? Take over Iran ...........start ww 3 establish an Israeli empire where Israel runs all the oil produceing nations? Iran rejects the US ultimatum is this a prelude to war? Since the US doesn't care about world opinion or the UN will they bomb everyone one by one or do they have a plan or a goal and if so what do you think it is? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance tortola89 1 decade ago Favorite Answer There maybe more than one agenda.Rumsfeld/Cheney/Fife are
have an agenda which has to do with overthrowing Middle East governments to control the world's supply of oil. The Israeli lobby has been accused in Rolling Stone for developing plans for the overthrow of unfriendly governments.Israel,the country is led by Olmert,he has no military background.He may have played this heavy hand to assure Israelis that he is tough.His plan was to attack lebanon as brutally as possible,hoping the Lebanese would blame Hezbolla.This plan failed.The Now Olmert has to hang tough so he doesn't lose credibility in Israel. Source(s):
Rolling Stone(ATimes.com),Truthout.org,Atimes.com,Democracynow.org 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post class4 Lv
5 1 decade ago You'll have to ask the White House, They would love for Iran to get involved, Israel will kisk the a** of Iran and Bush will have one country lessto deal with, It won't be WW3, all of of those countries are afraid of Israel, this Hezbolla guys just woke up a sleepin dog they are on the run and Israel won't stop until they are made an example of a lot of inocent people wil suffer, that is the price of have bad people living in your house 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The U.S./Israeli agenda is to turn the entire world into a Zionist controlled plantation. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post DAVID L 1 decade ago Protecting themselves from terrorist like Hezbollah/ hamas . and the ones fighting In Iraq. these people deserve to die and those who follow their hate and Evil misrepresentation of Islam do and will die. the Lebanese people turned their heads while this terror group built
its war machine against Israel.
if this was Mexico sending rockets into U.S.
we would be
in there killing everything that moved, its why they say war is HELL 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago Honestly, I think we just want to live in peace.
The muslim nations want to kill us all off. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post tas-okay 1 decade ago BUSH IS WAR HAPPY WHICH IS NOT A GOOD THING!!
HE WANTS TO SEND TROUPS OVER THERE.
WE DON'T HAVE ENOUGH HERE IF ANYTHING WAS TO HAPPEN BUT BUSH WANTS THEM OVER THERE YESTERDAY. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post genny_gump 1 decade ago i think it is moe simpler than that. we just want to be free and free from murderers 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does the Civil Rights Act of 1964 specify that discrimination is okay if that discrimination is not a function of Sex, Race, Religion...? Why didn't Obama donate all his salary like TRUMP does? Wonder Woman says we are all to blame, Do you agree? Why do many people very often and easily give their money to impostors,fraudsters and marriage swindlers? Why is prison rape so widespread in America? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites