Zimmerman trial - Does the govt DA supposedly administer justice and therefore shouldnt overcharge 2nd Degree? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products T E Lv
7 T E
asked in
Politics & Government Law & Ethics
·
7 years ago Zimmerman trial - Does the govt DA supposedly administer justice and therefore shouldnt overcharge 2nd Degree? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Wizened wizard Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Prosecutors do not administer justice. My statement is not political but procedural. Courts administer justice. Prosecutors put people on trial. The prosecutor can charge anyone with any crime, and if (in some cases) a grand jury agrees, then the prosecutor takes the charges to trial. When a prosecutor "over charges" it is up to the jury to determine if the evidence supports the higher charge. This is a risk a prosecutor takes. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Erwin Lv
4 7 years ago this trial has nothing to do with justice...its about the politics of race and gun control....trying to tear down the Castle Doctrine but they screwed up since the defense isnt using CD 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do I do about this? 14 answers Can I sue every single white person for damages? 22 answers I was fired cause of no child care due to vivid 19. Unemployment wasn’t approved. I appealed now I have a hearing over the phone. Can I win? 10 answers Is it wrong for a 16 year old to date an 18 year old? 16 answers The kids behind my house on private private property of the Country club Continues what should i do now? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions My GF broke up with me can i sue? I was lied on by a child predator in my church. Should I out him and warn the other girls in my church.? Hypothetically, your employer told you that To return to work, you need to sign a waiver saying are not responsible for you catching virus? My friends grandfather was a slave owner. should i have his hole family arrested for treason? Does the Civil Rights Act of 1964 specify that discrimination is okay if that discrimination is not a function of Sex, Race, Religion...? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites