Why aren't ppl who make false accusations criminally charged? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Samantha Lv
4 Samantha
asked in
Politics & Government Law & Ethics
·
8 years ago Why aren't ppl who make false accusations criminally charged? Take the recent Elmo case for example, the accuser clearly lied (with emails as proof) and then he recanted the story. Elmo could've lost his job, his reputation was at risk and now the public knows about his personal life that would've otherwise stayed private. Why wasn't his accuser criminally charged? For at least obstructing justice? He just walked away with no repercussion? I feel this happens all the time! Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Elana Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer It depends on how far they go. If someone makes an accusation WITH THE POLICE that causes the police to take investigative action (let's get real, spend money on investigating), then they can be charged for filing a false investigation. Similarly, if someone defames someone else with something that CAN BE PROVEN THE PERSON SAYING KNOWS TO NOT BE TRUE in a way that demonstrably causes that person damages (that can be determined), the first person can be sued for libel (for published falsehoods) or slander (for transitory statements that were false). If no charges were files and no damage can be proven, then no, you can't file criminal charges against somebody for making such an accusation. Indeed, their speech is protected under the first amendment of the US Constitution. So, yes, a newspaper can publish that Obama was the lovechild of aliens simply because you can't prove that they did not KNOW that to be false. God Bless America! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Andrea 4 years ago 1 Source(s):
Criminal Record Search Database :
http://CriminalRecords.raiwi.com/?EBLX 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago that's additionally happening with youngsters plenty, rather youngsters, and extra commonly against a step. there is on no account any excuse, EVER, for making a pretend accusation. Punishment could desire to be there. The falsely accused desire extra effective than ever to stand up for themselves. i'm uncertain what's the excellent thank you to stand up and get justice, yet i understand that by some potential it could be finished. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post prog Lv
4 8 years ago The charges are true and the accuser was paid off. http://acutemania.net/elmo-pays-accuser-to-keep-ga... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in moiraj927 Lv
4 8 years ago If this had taken place in Canada, the accuser could have been charged with public mischief
(a criminal offence) as he lied to the police thus causing them to start an investigation of a crime that had not occurred.
This wasted police time.
However, any loss or harm suffered by the man who was falsely accused would have to be resolved in civil court in a lawsuit for defamation of character (for slander and for libel if the defendant made any written statements). 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Arbiter of common sense Lv
7 8 years ago How do you know that he won't be?
Many are.
It does require a case such as this, where the accuser ADMITS it was false.
You cannot be charged for making a good faith accusation. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Brandon A 8 years ago They can be, but its rare, more often then are sued in criminal court for slander/libel and damages. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do I do about this? 14 answers Can I sue every single white person for damages? 22 answers I was fired cause of no child care due to vivid 19. Unemployment wasn’t approved. I appealed now I have a hearing over the phone. Can I win? 10 answers Is it wrong for a 16 year old to date an 18 year old? 16 answers The kids behind my house on private private property of the Country club Continues what should i do now? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Whose side would you support if your teenage daughter slapped your husband across the face after reading his racist posts on Facebook? My GF broke up with me can i sue? My friends grandfather was a slave owner. should i have his hole family arrested for treason? All else being equal, how would each of the following affect the demand for M1(Narrow money)? The demand for M2 (broad money)? Explain.? If someone is ringing you? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites