What do you consider to be the "fundamental flaw" of socialism? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products spanner Lv
6 spanner
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
10 years ago What do you consider to be the "fundamental flaw" of socialism? I have overheard people say that socialism has, what they term as, a "fundamental flaw".
Unfortunately, their manner is coy when they speak this way and they do not explain what they mean.
What do you consider it to be? Update : Jeff Lebowsky Communist:
Your answer sounds logical under the set of conditions you have outlined.
However, I am referring to institutionalized and imposed socialism, and not to an arrangement that unfolds on its own. Answer Save 27 Answers Relevance Thunderous Barbarian Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer The fundamental flaw, if you would call it that, lies in the lack of incentive.
What sounds good on paper: everyone gets what they need or want, everyone contributes and does their fair share, has never worked where the rubber hits the road.
It requires all (and I mean ALL) subjects under the government to get and give in equal proportion.
The trouble?
Enforcement.
If you allow the people to decide what their needs/wants are and what their responsibilities/fair share of the contribution is they always tip far more heavily toward "I need/want more and more"
I can only "work/contribute less or not at all".
The solution: the government must balance the scale.
Since the government does the deciding, freedom and choice, by law of diminishing returns, is more limited; while what you do, must be state dictated and mandatory to get most to do it.
People by nature will resent and resist both.
To get anyone to support the state some incentive must be put into play.
When positive reinforcements prove too slow or unreliable, negatives with a proven track record get established.
Thus, essentially compliance at sword point, with gulags, and "re-education camps" galore.
Do the research if you doubt me.
Those who have suffered under such regimes (not those lead or control who are often a privileged class of some sort) tend to hate and warn others about them; those who haven't but who dream of a "classless society of pure wonderful" like Marx wrote about in his Manifesto think "anything has to be better that capitalism with all its problems and quirks" and say "most of these attempts sure suck, but, hey Sweden's not so bad" we should go for it, too, then we'd get 'free' health care and daycare.
Many people like the idea of working for what you get and controlling yourself where it goes (capitalism) thus giving only what they want to give to those who need (charitable giving).
Selfish people like to share nothing or too little.
All taxes have a certain inherent element of social wealth distribution to them (socialism), and poor distribution and corruption of the agencies who perform it are all but inevitable (human nature, pork politics, fraud), yet this system has been in play for awhile and when managed well and its operations are fully disclosed to the public, tends to run fairly well.
People grumble over too much too little, but most pay in on a semi-voluntary basis (file your taxes).
In the 20th Century vision of capitalism (Welfare Capitalism) the incentive to get rich motivated the producers to generate vast wealth.
Because the level of wealth was extreme (incentive driven) the smaller percentage given back to the needy was vastly greater in sum than larger percents given under pure socialism.
It was a working system that blended the best of both, with American Constitutional Rights and rule of law (no one is a privileged class above the law, not leaders or parties, etc.)
The economy took a cyclic down turn (a given factor of the free-market from its inception) but the socialists had a theory (Keynesian economics) that the market could be manipulated and "smoothed over" so these cyclic patterns could be shortened or removed entirely (so much for that idea, huh?) but it didn't work and the recession was actually prolonged.
Those among our ever growing political class who dislike the chaos of the capitalist model (Marx's invented term for "the way things are, but don't need to be") will often claim they have a non-destructive form of socialism that "works" this time.
Well, many who follow history, prefer the free market with its incentives vs the controlled forms (fascism, Nazism, democratic socialism, American Progressivism, etc.) or non-existent market ethos (communism ,extreme-end socialism) but not everyone agrees.
Some in the Progressive crowd who are ignorant of reality say "the Nazis and Communists are aren't socialist moments", but research them for yourself and see that socialism was part of their self-proclaimed structures and even in their very names! So we are working this out, each for a better now and tomorrow yet by different paths and ideas. I prefer a stronger market weaker socialism structure like the Welfare Capitalism model of the 80s and 90s--others like a Bigger Government, more security (promises that come with strings) at the cost of liberty approach. Source(s):
Orwell's books: Animal Farm and 1984; modern Europe teetering on the brink of economic collapse; the Soviet Union; the American Hippie movement; the Jonestown commune; etc. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Zee-ster Lv
7 10 years ago I think it's believing that you can create a big central government and not have it corrupted by big corporate interests.
Most people work hard and get paid far less than the value of their contributions.
Socialism is about using the government to create social justice, to remedy the greed of the rich and powerful.
The problem is the more powerful a government becomes, the quicker it will be taken over the powerful to ensure it will never be a force for social justice and to enact their interests, not the interests of the common weal.
That is why a small government is better.
Smaller government means less control, less corruption, less "big brother" in our lives.
It's not ideal but it's reach is not as wide and therefore it's evil is far more contained.
"One world"ism is really the final synthesis of big government, where sovereignty is abolished and every man and woman is a serf in the global order.
They can call it capitalism or socialism but big brother is in control of both sides to that coin. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jeff Lebowski Communist 10 years ago There is no "fundamental flaw", only flaws in people's understanding of the word and flaws in humanity as a whole. We are "hunter gatherers".
We evolved socially from this and still are, though many don't realize it. Our ancestors depended on each other for survival, each member having an assigned task best suited to his or her abilities. The younger, stronger males were better hunters than the older men and women.
But this did not mean that the older and weaker members did not eat.
An older male might be assigned the job of making spear points.
The women might keep the fires, cook and forage for plants. Life was a cooperative effort. The older members were cared for until such time that movement of the group was impeded by them, endangering the survival of the rest.
I'm sure it was a sad day when Grandma was left behind. The Bible says that we are "our brother's keeper and the finder of lost children". The flaw is not Socialism, but Greed.
In modern society many think that they are an island unto themselves, that the strong are entitled to take from the weak.
This is not true. This society is still bases on common effort even though many do not recognize this.
Even a purely "Capitalist" society depends on others to be able to purchase goods and services or the whole thing stops like a Monopoly Game. In its purest sense, Socialism does not seem to work very well.
By that I mean a system where the means of production are wholly owned by the worker (in several thousand years anyway) Capitalism does provide "capital" needed for production but if the social aspects (Socialism) are absent, it will fail for lack of customers. It Takes A Village 0 3 2 Login to reply the answers Post Ninja300 Lv
7 10 years ago There are two inherent traits of socialism that stop me from taking it seriously: 1. Government is not effective at creating wealth, therefore the system drains the private sector and falls apart.
2. It is inherently coercive in a medium to large population. A neighborhood could use socialism, a town might even be able to use it effectively, but when it is used for an entire country you are forcing everyone to subsidize everyone else. I do not support this kind of coercion.
Socialism used privately and voluntarily within a capitalist society will thrive well, socialism forced on an entire society does not allow for true capitalism and falls apart. A capitalist system allows for some socialism, a socialist system does not allow for capitalism. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 10 years ago You depend on the government for everything to be given to you creating a lazy bunch of people that always feel they are entitled to be given more and more without having to do anything to earn it. Then you only get what the government gives you, mainly so, and the government can raise or cut whatever you get. If they start to cut things out people can get poor and destitute very quickly because they rely on others to give them everything. Think of it this way. A single mother with a bf that has left her alone. She has no or not much education. She can't find a decent paying job. So she gets on welfare, receives HUD so she has no rent to pay, all sorts of deductions for utility bills and a host of other programs to get free stuff to live. She becomes dependent on these services and after a while loses the incentive to upgrade her life because she is given everything. If you are getting everything for free then you don't feel a need to go work for it. What a waste of life !!! 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post John E Lv
7 10 years ago The problem really is slackers. If there is no incentive to excel, non one will. If there is no incentive not to fail, no one will. It is a system designed to be stagnant, unchanging, inflexible, and it will deteriorate with time. Gee, what if there is an earthquake and a city is destroyed? Do they print the money to fix it, or does everyone take a hit in their standard of living. The fundamental flaw is that it makes the assumption of a static state. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago People who argue in favor claim it brings more democracy, freedom, and equality. Well, it doesn't. If I want a certain company to succeed(whether it is local or large) I will go there and spend my money. That is democracy. When I want to do what I want with my money that is freedom. When I am not robbed at a higher rate than someone else that is equality. That is also capitalism. Socialism means you are controlled by a government that calls itself "public." 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Knowledge Is Power Lv
6 10 years ago There's no motivation to produce since everyone gets equally the same. If you know you will get everything you need than there is no reason to produce what you need. That's why socialism has always failed. Also, its why socialism becomes coerced
since the government has to step in and enforce people to produce for needs to be met. Hitler was a democratically elected socialist who turned into a tyrant. 0 5 1 Login to reply the answers Post virgod Lv
7 10 years ago Spanner, let me help you. The fundamental flaw of socialism is an idea that re-distributing the wealth (i.e., taking from creators and producers and handing it to parasitic slobs) can create
free
and prosperous society.
Never worked and never will. Now when you know - explain to all, who need to know. Source(s):
I am a former citizen of socialist-fascist soviet union, who experienced the consequences of socialism first hand and who is horrified seeing power-crazy hussein obama trying to build the same regime in the USA. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago It's not complicated:
If you reward bad behavior you get more of it.
If not working to put food on your table isn't a necessity...you don't worry about it!
If not working to put a roof over your head isn't necessary...you don't worry about it! But socialism is a religion.
Certain types of people haveTHE FAITH and no matter the mountain of proof you offer to prove that socialism has proven to be a failure -- even a cancer upon mankind -- they...believe. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (17) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why did Liberals fight for the freedom to keep slaves while Conservatives fought for the slave's freedom? Why is prison rape so widespread in America? I really hate all pets and completely don't understand why many people keep them? Soros DNC Antifa BLM? Libs, does it make you seethe to know nearly 1 million people have requested tickets to Tulsa rally? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites