Is the shale industry sustainable given the damage it is having on our environment? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products IMO Lv
5 IMO
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
3 years ago Is the shale industry sustainable given the damage it is having on our environment? How many more years will it be before our drinking water becomes entirely toxic. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 3 years ago Favorite Answer Whether its shale for Oil or Strip mining for Coal , the answer is yes it is damaging for the environment as every engineer ,geologist and government official knows. 0 2 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 3 years ago Ride a bike and get off the grid or STFU. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Marduk Lv
7 3 years ago No one cares as long as the car goes. 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post James Lv
7 3 years ago You will observe our drinking water ALREADY has to be " treated " and filtered.....BEFORE it is pumped through our lead pipes. 0 3 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 3 years ago Are you talking about fracking? Because even the EPA under Obama found no scientific support for any claims that fracking has caused any damage to the environment. 0 3 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 3 years ago 5 trillion
years 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions If you saw a black guy assaulting two officers and/or taking their taser would step in & help restrain the black guy so it wouldnt escalate? Why does America let poor choices actually win in either Republican or Democratic parties? When will BLM realize that the Democrat Party & Liberal media had hijack the "Peaceful Riots" ... just so they could win the elections? Lincoln once described slavery as, "You work, I eat." Doesn't that pretty much describe today's Democrat Party? Does the Civil Rights Act of 1964 specify that discrimination is okay if that discrimination is not a function of Sex, Race, Religion...? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites