Did we destroy enough of Libya yet to justify a rebuilding contract windfall for someone? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Trout Trout
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
9 years ago Did we destroy enough of Libya yet to justify a rebuilding contract windfall for someone? You know -- Mission accomplished and all that -- Is the war over yet -if so why hasn't plundering begun? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer Actually the plundering began before NATO even dropped one bomb. Btw, how many humans were killed during this humanitarian mission? And Qaddafi was a rather friendly dictator. What will we have now?
Btw, it seems the Obama Doctrine is to replace reasonably friendly governments with Muslim Theocracies. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post nathan f Lv
6 9 years ago Your to late. The Italians and French have already beat you to it. The Russians and Chinese stood by Murmar just a little to long and they're getting cut out of the spoils.
Don't worry though, Halliburton and Exxon-Mobile are standing by to help open the oil taps. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 36 answers Genuine question, why did America vote for Trump? 183 answers Do you think America has a race problem? 97 answers What will your reaction be if Donald Trump gets elected? 82 answers Why do conservatives accuse people calling for unity of being divisive? 137 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Was it worth $75K in taxpayer money to send Trump Jr. to Mongolia so he could shoot one of the rarest animals in the world? If everyone's lives matter, shouldn't we not take unnecessary risks like intentionally breaking the law? Has Donald Trump ever said anything racist? Does the Wendy’s that called the police on the man who fell asleep in the drive thru, deserve to be burned ? What happened to Libertarian frontrunner Jacob Hornberger- he was way ahead and now his party has dumped him for Jo Jorgensen? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites