Does being a good businessman make you a good president? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products alucard alucard
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
4 years ago Does being a good businessman make you a good president? Does being a good lawyer make you a good doctor? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Anonymous 4 years ago No, a businessman's objective is to make profit. They do not care if they have to fire people or get rid of the 'dead wood' they just want to make money. That is the aim of businessmen. Being president is helping EVERYONE.
SO no. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post e pluribus unum Lv
7 4 years ago Being a social worker does not make a good president. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post TheKitten Lv
7 4 years ago No, in fact I'd argue that businessmen tend to be unsuited for public office due to their temperament. The key word here is SERVICE.
Business is all about obtaining for one's self. Ideally, public service would require a level of community-mindedness that one rarely finds in businessmen. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago We do know that being a mediocre community organizer makes you a totally shitty President. 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in LCbabyxo 4 years ago Oh snappp 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago rofl what a troll question 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Well you're sure about to find out! VOTE REPUBLICAN!🇺🇸 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Not at all and its obvious. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Lincoln once described slavery as, "You work, I eat." Doesn't that pretty much describe today's Democrat Party? If you saw a black guy assaulting two officers and/or taking their taser would step in & help restrain the black guy so it wouldnt escalate? Why didn't Obama donate all his salary like TRUMP does? Wonder Woman says we are all to blame, Do you agree? Does the Civil Rights Act of 1964 specify that discrimination is okay if that discrimination is not a function of Sex, Race, Religion...? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites