OCS Officer Slot at BUD/S? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Military
·
1 decade ago OCS Officer Slot at BUD/S? I also speak English fluently and am conversant (near-fluent) in Spanish and French.
I was also thinking of taking up Portuguese and Italian or maybe even Arabic (would that affect my getting a clearance)? Update : I am currently a freshman at UChicago who wishes to become a SEAL Officer.
The only problem is my recruiter told me that out of around 200 applicants only 16 got picked last year (six made it through BUD/S I think) and I have a lot of work to do on my package before I'll even be considered.
At the moment my major is Biochemistry and I enrolled in the Neuroscience program and I predict that my GPA is a clean 4.0.
I am Captain of the varsity swim and diving team and at the moment my PF scores are 108 push-ups, 115 sit-ups, 8:57 sec swim and 9:10 sec 1.5 mile run.
What are my chances, I really wanted to go in as an Officer but how long or how many deployments would I need to go on as an Enlisted SEAL if I wanted to put in an OCS package? Update 2 : I'm not worried about washing out or getting injured at BUD/S as I feel that I can pass it the first time out.
Nevertheless, what if I improved my PFT scores drastically and had at least three languages and a <3.8 GPA science major?
Would I have a much better shot at getting a SEAL commission? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Mrsjvb Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer which i smore important to you:
serving in the Navy, Being an Officer(in any capacity) or having a shot at BUD/s? Cuz here's the thing:
you'd probably be offered a commission.
it will probably NOT be for SeAL.
Officers get ONE shot only at BUD/s. ever.
there is an 80% washout rate.
Enlisted can apply to BUD/s as often as their chain of command permits it.. never more than a few times total.
So decide: do you want to be a Naval Officer?
then continue on your current path and you have a decent shot.
will you be happy if you are NOT selcted to BUD/s or when you wash out?
will you accept whatever Community they put you in?
or do you just want to be in the Navy in any capicty?
Once you decide that, then you can plan accordingly. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why was the United States unprepared for Covid-19? 9 answers Why would anyone want to join the Navy? You just die right away? 10 answers Should military bases named for Confederate leaders be renamed? 11 answers Why Seattle mayor allow police Dept takeover, against sending in military bc "unconstitutional and illegal"? Police ARE a unit of military? 6 answers what's the ruling Elite want? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions the US military won't protect you? Why not keep the bases named after Confederate leaders for the purpose of reconciliation, but have a base named after Yamamoto or Rommel? CIA wants to kill me. I am the same guy from Iran (Mst Asg). What to do? Is a medical waiver possible? ? A bigger Turkish expansion means a safer Eastern Europe that can use Turkey to defend itself from communist insurgents funded by Russia ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites