is THIS what liberalism has devolved into now?!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
7 years ago is THIS what liberalism has devolved into now?!? deny people rights given to some because of our POLITICAL leanings?!
http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=201... Update : demo man:..*sigh*..once again you display your ignorcne!..that question I linked to posited the idea that conservatives be denied food stamps!..THAT is unconstitutional!.either EVERYBODY is considered or NOBODY is!..THAT'S how our Founders envisioned America! Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Mercadies2000 Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer There is no low that they won't dip into. 0 3 7 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago It is indeed against democratic principles. For one, it would institute a discriminatory entitlement dependent upon political and ethical opinions which is not only unconstitutional, but also immoral, in my humble opinion. The government has no business impeding upon people's liberty of conscience. Furthermore, it would also constitute a profoundly anti-egalitarian principle -- namely, it would institute the notion that conservatives are second class citizens. I seldom agree with conservatives and do find myself, as any human being, frustrated by the course of several discussions. I must admit, with some degree of shame, that I wished silence times a many, but, as they say, God keeps us from depriving them of their human character: they are my equals in rights and deserve both respect and dignity. It is a free society in North America; if you wish to obtain someone's support, you must earn it. Earn their trust and respect, so they may listen to your opinion and, then, their agreement if you can be persuasive enough. Grasping it out of sheer strength would be, as I said, immoral. With all of this said, try to put yourself in his shoes. I doubt that he seriously considers this option. At any rate, it's likely a pun or a satire. From the left's view point, it exposes some of the "moral" shortcomings of the conservative arguments as related to spending cuts. In very simple terms, he's trying to make the right look stupid by asking them to give the example -- i.e., if you truly support cutting these food stamps, give everyone the right example and don't accept this money. The proper answer would be to ask the left to donate money on their own if they wish to provide the poor with financial means -- i.e., you can't deprive poor cons from food stamp access while also taxing rich cons for the service. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Tracy Lv
7 7 years ago If you would identify all Liberals from a question posited by one anonymous person that YOU define as Liberal, then there is no hope for you.
I won't waste my breath trying to shatter your impenetrable bigotry armor. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Smoking Joe Lv
7 7 years ago They were making the point that just as many conservatives are on public aide as 'liberals' and the claim they aren't is more self-serving lies. 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Roosevelt Lennon Esq. Lv
5 7 years ago A single question on a opinionated website does not represent liberalism. 0 6 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago What rights are you being denied? http://www.politicususa.com/2013/10/30/republicans... 0 3 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago those are the people voting against there own interests.
Poor conservatives, which is what you are. 0 6 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Only because you are haters. 0 3 3 Login to reply the answers Post Mother Hubbard Lv
7 7 years ago They removed a judge for questioning ... In NYC-- they were NOT liberals. 0 6 6 Login to reply the answers Post bmovies60 Lv
7 7 years ago That and Detroit. 0 2 4 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does it make me racist if I don’t support the black lives matter movement? ? 172 answers Why did Trump get virtually no applause from the graduates at West Point? 63 answers I don't wear a mask, I play football, and I go out with some women and I didn't get the coronavirus. Does this mean that it is a invention? 29 answers Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? 78 answers Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 94 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Wonder Woman says we are all to blame, Do you agree? Libs, does it make you seethe to know nearly 1 million people have requested tickets to Tulsa rally? Why is prison rape so widespread in America? Why do many people very often and easily give their money to impostors,fraudsters and marriage swindlers? Lincoln once described slavery as, "You work, I eat." Doesn't that pretty much describe today's Democrat Party? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites