As Supreme El Presidente, should Obama wear one of those Gadhafi or Chavez-style garish uniforms? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products PUT IT IN THE BASKET, CHIEF! Lv
6 PUT IT IN THE BASKET, CHIEF!
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
7 years ago As Supreme El Presidente, should Obama wear one of those Gadhafi or Chavez-style garish uniforms? With ribbons, medals, and all of that other cool stuff befitting a dictator? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Di Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer El Presidente has not earned the right to wear a real uniform but something trendy with lots of gold lame might be the thing.
With a selection of Gaddafi style chapeux to finish it off. Or, there is always the "emperor's new clothes." 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Mr. Smartypants Lv
7 7 years ago Although the president is officially Commander in Chief of the armed forces, no US president has found it necessary to strut around in a military uniform except GW Bush in a stupid publicity stunt designed to make us believe the war in Iraq was over.
The media were super-impressed at the time, but now the whole episode just looks kind of silly. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Tacky 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago He's more the Super Fly 70's look. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in mommanuke Lv
7 7 years ago Only if he's in a revival of HMS Pinafore. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Don't suggest it he may do it. Source(s):
"CCCCCC" 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago obama killed qaddafi 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago His cocaine will be free 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 36 answers Genuine question, why did America vote for Trump? 183 answers Do you think America has a race problem? 97 answers What will your reaction be if Donald Trump gets elected? 82 answers Why do conservatives accuse people calling for unity of being divisive? 137 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does the Wendy’s that called the police on the man who fell asleep in the drive thru, deserve to be burned ? Was it worth $75K in taxpayer money to send Trump Jr. to Mongolia so he could shoot one of the rarest animals in the world? Has Donald Trump ever said anything racist? what if one of the protestors shot fireworks at a gas station next to the Wendy's on fire now? would it be a massive explosion? On a scale of 1-10, how racist was Donald Trump's pitch to have a 'blacks vs. whites" apprentice contest? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites