Do you think people chanting "we believe survivors" makes sense if someones found innocent of a rape accusation? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products David David
asked in
Politics & Government Law Enforcement & Police
·
4 years ago Do you think people chanting "we believe survivors" makes sense if someones found innocent of a rape accusation? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Mercuri Lv
7 4 years ago Favorite Answer I've seen what false accusations can do to someone.
Even if they were completely innocent, once the accusation has been made it ruins the life of the accused.
It's messed up. That being said, I totally understand the "we believe you" movement because it's so very difficult for someone who actually has been raped to come out and say it.
And there have been cases where the victim gets blamed.
"How could you do this to a wonderful person?
Even if they raped you, you should drop the charges."
That's also messed up. So back to your question, it depends on how they were found innocent.
Were they innocent beyond a shadow of a doubt (maybe even with the accuser admitting they made the whole thing up) or was the trial obviously very heavily in favor of the accused because he was a person of standing and they let him off the hook? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago A court ruling has little to do with what actually happened.
Not guilty is not equivalent to innocent anymore than arrested and charged means guilty. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Pole: with the unrest in America has your feelings about the police changed? 12 answers What would happen if I did this prank to a cop? 15 answers Why couldn’t the person recording George Floyd being kneeled on stop the cop? 8 answers How do I make prank calls to 911 without being tracked? 8 answers How can we invest in black men and black fathers in the black community? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What would happen if I did this to a cop? Was the cops treatment of looters an example of how they stop crime among black people? ? If we docked the pay of police officers for the Department's excessive force settlements, would cops stop using excessive force? Why are cops so dumb? What is the correct age to take a child to a protest with the expectations of violence? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites