What meaningless distraction are they using to keep you fighting today while the rich plunder you? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Politics & Government Politics
·
1 decade ago What meaningless distraction are they using to keep you fighting today while the rich plunder you? Bloomberg
reports that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner's closest aides earned millions of dollars a year working for
Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and other Wall Street firms. Bloomberg reports that none of these aides faced Senate confirmation. Yet, they are overseeing the handout of hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer funds to their former employers. The gifts of billions of dollars of taxpayers' money provided the banks with an abundance of low-cost capital that has boosted the banks' profits, while the taxpayers who provided the capital are increasingly unemployed and homeless. JPMorgan Chase announced that it has earned $3.6 billion in the third quarter of this year. Goldman Sachs has made so much money during this year of economic crisis that enormous bonuses are in the works. The London Evening Standard reports that Goldman Sachs' "5,500 London staff can look forward to record average payouts of around 500,000 pounds ($800,000) each. Senior executives will get bonuses of several million pounds each, with the highest paid as much as 10 million pounds ($16 million)." In the event the banksters can't figure out how to enjoy the riches, the Financial Times is offering a new magazine -- "How To Spend It." New York City's retailers are praying for some of it, suffering a 15.3 percent vacancy rate on Fifth Avenue. Statistician John Williams (shadowstats.com) reports that retail sales adjusted for inflation have declined to the level of 10 years ago: "Virtually 10 years worth of real retail sales growth has been destroyed in the still unfolding depression."
http://www.vdare.com/roberts/091015_economy.htm http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKsyF523TCs --------------------------------------
Rumors of new wars or threats against "the homeland"?
Partisan politics and dreams that the other party would do something for you?
News of a boy in a balloon ?
Crime drugs arrests ---- "liberal judges" ?
Hollywood's
newest scandal ---- some chicks jiggly bits ? Update : How many of those welfare deadbeats illegal aliens etc ---- equal one bonus of a fat cat rich plundering elitist class ?
The people you feel most plundered by live in squalor and cost you the least -- while the top handful live in opulent luxury and cost you the most --- this is the same group that owns your children outright -- 100 generation to pay for what they spent in 30 yrs
No offense --- but your an idiot who wants to beat up a Mexican for having surgery while some CEO just made sure your children will be economic slaves to pay for their debt Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Mikenx Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer i have faith that United Health CEO that makes $57,000 per hour is looking out for my best interests . Source(s):
obvious sarcasm
EDIT : Mark D doesnt get the difference between Oprah and AIG ? 0 2 2 Login to reply the answers Post Kere 4 years ago Taking paid studies implies sharing your viewpoint about products and concepts that need instructions it' simple actually - great deals of companies do paid research study to discover exactly what the general public think and want. They commission research study companies to do pay studies to find out exactly what you and I believe, so we can make money for our viewpoint whilst trying to influence things! Your time is important and you have the power to affect terrific things, here
https://tr.im/yeibZ
is the bridge between your thoughts and various services or products. Let your voice be heard and affect the future with the online surveys! Many people are looking two things: simple job and the convenience of your own home and with this website you got them both. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post postal p Lv
7 1 decade ago You have it figured out.
Now if we can get the other 300,000,000 or so to understand.
They are too worried about gay marriage, abortion, Iraq, Afghanistan, swine flu, and should Rush buy that NFL team.
Oh! and don't forget Letterman.
Some things will just never change. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Reverend Master of Curses Lv
7 1 decade ago Of course we've been sold out. Goldman Sachs was one of Obama's biggest campaign contributors. Now he's their biggest salesman. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago "The rich" ? Oprah Winfrey is not doing anything to me. Neither is Steven Speilberg. George Soros is even leaving me alone. Activist judges are a reality, and a perfectly legitimate issue to complain about, not a distraction. Mike, if I were to use the behavior of Michael Vick to say that "the blacks" do those things, you'd accuse me of racism and bigotry, and you'd be right. Whenever I see someone say that "the rich" are plundering us all, I want the person who says that to be more specific. Classism is ugly, too. 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The only ones I feel plundered by are the welfare deadbeats, the illegal aliens and the government. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post kathy_is_a_nurse Lv
7 1 decade ago Seems like the larger question is, "Why is Obama surrounding himself with 'czars' who have no accountability to the people and who often (as in Geithner's case) have highly questionable background?" It's THAT act that makes it possible for the "rich" to get away with stuff like this. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Schiffy Lv
6 1 decade ago Balloon boy 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Nothing, I am in the minority that want all the bums out but we are
growing. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago We need more democratic capitalism. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is Coronavirus not an issue when millions of people protest BLM and George Floyd? 36 answers Genuine question, why did America vote for Trump? 183 answers Do you think America has a race problem? 97 answers What will your reaction be if Donald Trump gets elected? 82 answers Why do conservatives accuse people calling for unity of being divisive? 137 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions If everyone's lives matter, shouldn't we not take unnecessary risks like intentionally breaking the law? What happened to Libertarian frontrunner Jacob Hornberger- he was way ahead and now his party has dumped him for Jo Jorgensen? what if one of the protestors shot fireworks at a gas station next to the Wendy's on fire now? would it be a massive explosion? Why don't we END welfare & food stamps? The next time a black man shoots a cop, who will join me in protesting and looting black neighborhoods? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites