how to get forklift license? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products go24hour go24hour
asked in
Politics & Government Law & Ethics
·
1 decade ago how to get forklift license? where can I take a test for forklift license? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Dennis F Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I have not heard of a State Issued license.
You can get a certification card, that states you have passed a safety, operators class and are qualified to operate forklifts of a certain size.
OSHA does require you to have a certification card on you when operating a forklift at work.
Your employer should offer such a class if you are required to operate a forklift at work.
If you are just looking to get one. Contact most large rental companies that rent forklifts. Such as Nations Rent, etc. They usually offer a certification course for their equipment. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago They are not hard to get. You just have to watch a film and take a test it just has to be administered by a certified forklift safety trainer. Most warehouses have them or you could check with a forklift dealer. They could help you or at least point you in the right direction. OSHA requires equipment operators to have them but it is not widely enforced. That said, many warehouses will not let you on their equipment without being certified the use the models the have in service. If you are a truck driver who wants to be certified so you use the equipment and can get around have to use a lumper or if you just want to show certification to help get a job, I am sure you can find someone to certify you. Source(s):
10 years in the bis 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post J M Lv
4 1 decade ago Usually the employer who is going to hire you does the test. Sometimes as part of pre-employment testing, sometimes once you are hired. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post walt554 Lv
5 1 decade ago Never heard of it.
What state requires it? None that I know of 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago There isn't such a thing as far as I know... 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What do I do about this? 14 answers Can I sue every single white person for damages? 22 answers I was fired cause of no child care due to vivid 19. Unemployment wasn’t approved. I appealed now I have a hearing over the phone. Can I win? 10 answers Is it wrong for a 16 year old to date an 18 year old? 16 answers The kids behind my house on private private property of the Country club Continues what should i do now? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions True or False? Whose side would you support if your teenage daughter slapped your husband across the face after reading his racist posts on Facebook? My GF broke up with me can i sue? If someone is ringing you? I was lied on by a child predator in my church. Should I out him and warn the other girls in my church.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites