Was Lara Croft ever modelled after a REAL women at one point? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Wellll... hello then! Wellll... hello then!
asked in
Games & Recreation Video & Online Games
·
8 years ago Was Lara Croft ever modelled after a REAL women at one point? Do you think her Charactor and mannerisms reflect a real women somewhat Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Timmy Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer no
especially
not the
polygonal blowup doll
...thing
from the
core games the
croft
in the crystal dynamics
reboot
is more realistic
(
and there have been various models that
look
like her
but she wasnt
based on them
)
the
lara croft in the
second reboot
(
with the annoying theme or rebootinga
series andnot
using a
subtitle or a number
)
looks a lot more
realistic 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Memelord Prime Lv
7 8 years ago Actually, Lara Croft's design was originally inspired by a comic book character known as Tank Girl and Swedish pop artist Neneh Cherry, but there is no woman that she's actually modeled after per se. That's just sort of where Toby Gard, Lara's designer, drew his first ideas from for a strong female protagonist.
Generally with models it's the other way around. Eidos has had several different women throughout the year to pose as Lara for promotional stuff. Lara's design isn't based off Angelina Jolie really. If you look at the upcoming Tomb Raider game, Lara's new look doesn't resemble her at all. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post David 8 years ago Yes. Angelina Jolie. She was even in the movies they put out a while back. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are Vaccines good or bad? 6 answers Whats better shooter games or rpg open world games? 7 answers Can you install games on a computer? 7 answers Any progress with the pandemic? 5 answers Why didn't Insomniac make their first Spider-Man game about Miles? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Games where I make food? Can I beat Dark Souls 3 by playing single player only? Playstation 5 or Xbox Series X?!! Which console are you getting and why?!!? Have you played Mortal Kombat? What is your favourite character from the game? How do you determine what your play style is? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites