Quiz: What kind of sexy are you? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products No Name Tissues No Name Tissues
asked in
Games & Recreation Other - Games & Recreation
·
1 decade ago Quiz: What kind of sexy are you? 1. You see a Brad Pitt look-a-like standing at the bar and you make eye contact. What's your next move? A) Give a friendly smile and keep from holding eye contact too long. If he looks again, you might go over and chat with him.
B) Smile and wink and wait for him to come hither. It shows you are friendly and a sense of humour and a wild side. The perfect combo.
C) Hold eye contact for as long as possible as you strut your sexy stuff over to him and coyly say "Hello." 2. When you get the chance to talk to a guy you are attracted to, you: A) Tell your funniest jokes, tease him and give light punches on the arm. Show him your really down to earth.
B) Stare deeply into his eyes while you talk. An occasional lean in and light touch on the arm will surely let him know you are into him.
C) Flirt outrageously by playing with your hair, touching his arm, chest, leg, or whatever body part you can get to every chance you get and make sure you are always in a sexy pose. Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Amanda Lynn<3 1 decade ago Favorite Answer 1.b) 2.a) and c) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Resident Heretic Lv
7 1 decade ago I don't go to bars. Brad Pitt's not sexy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Craig
A 1 decade ago Stop talking like that.Didn`t your moma learn you manners or are you sexy 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post johnathon c 1 decade ago iM DIFFERENT IM SEXY
CHOCOLATE :0 tHERES PLENTY OF ME FOR YOUR FRIENDS AND IM SWEET 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is it illegal to put out word for DnD players who aren't high schoolers? 5 answers Why do people enjoy going to the beach? 7 answers can't wear a white bikini? 7 answers What to do? 5 answers What were you most excited to have bought from a store in your lifetime? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What activities can I do for kids? Could Donald’s status Soon be co-opted by Bolsanaro in Brazil? The synthoms were stains,fever,cancer,air,deux ex machine,ACV,air,euthanasia,if you use your imagination ANTIVIRAL? alguien sabe el nombre de este juego? Anyone know any funny/entertaining you tubers? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites