Wow Rogue lvl 80 PVP question? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Adam Lv
5 Adam
asked in
Games & Recreation Video & Online Games
·
1 decade ago Wow Rogue lvl 80 PVP question? So am I just a scrub, or is gear everything?
I have about half epics, half high quality blues.
All PVE gear with the exception of my hateful gladiators necklace which gives me 33 resillience total.
I respecced fully PVP 41/5/25.
I get owned in less than 1.5 seconds in an arena (no joke), and I seem to get pretty owned pretty easily in most BGs by all classes except shadow priests and warlocks.
Am I just a noob scrub who needs to get better, or is my gear the reason I am doing terrible? 17k hp, 3k ap, 24.5% crit, 33 resillience. Also, should I be finishing with eviscerate?
Non crits only hit for 2500-3000, and my crits are only doing 5k.... I feel like thats garbage when I a DK roflstomps me for 8k every second.... Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Fission Chips Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer what kind of epics? if you want to pvp then you need to get pvp gear. increase your resilience and your hp's. and if you're mutilation spec (i assume you are since you're 41 in assasination) why not finish with envenom since you're already putting points in poisons. envenom is the new eviscerate. if you're partnering with a fire mage then go for the hat spec it's disgusting. (honor among thieves) which comes to the new question: who is your partner? if you're doing 2v2 the best partner for a rogue is a priest. srsly. my husband and i wtfpwn people. it doesnt matter if im in shadow or disc. rogue/priest is great. check out elitist jerks for possible new rotations, you may just not be using your talents appropriately for the spec you are.... http://elitistjerks.com/f78/ good luck! and improve your gear that really is the number one killer of rogues (haha just a little humor there) oh hey just to cheer you up i have a joke for you: what do noobs and rogues have in common? they both pick locks =P 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post P3rs0na 1 decade ago I have a Hunter and feel the same way when I cant get away from people but down any class prtty fast after I changed my Spec to a pvp spec. I use to have a DPS of 300 with my old spec but changed to Marksmen and now pown with a total of 500 DPS.
And a Crit Strke rating of 35 percnt. Remember it isnt alwayz the gear but the player. U can try changing to a
spec that suits u the best. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago I'm making good profit with penny stock. Check here
http://trade-pennystock.checkhere.info
Many new investors are lured to the appeal of a penny stock due to the low price and potential for rapid growth which may be as high as several hundred percent in a few days. Similarly, severe loss can occur and many penny stocks lose all of their value in the long term. Accordingly, the SEC warns that penny stocks are high risk investments and new investors should be aware of the risks involved but you can even make very big money. These risks include limited liquidity, lack of financial reporting, and fraud. A penny stock is a common stock that trades for less than $5 a share. While penny stocks generally are quoted over-the-counter, such as on the OTC Bulletin Board or in the Pink Sheets, they may also trade on securities exchanges, including foreign securities exchanges. In addition, penny stocks include the securities of certain private companies with no active trading market. Although a penny stock is said to be "thinly traded," share volumes traded daily can be in the hundreds of millions for a sub-penny stock. Legitimate information on penny stock companies can be difficult to find and a stock can be easily manipulated. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago well as a lvl 80 rogue you should expect to get owned by other rogues beacuse well...everyone does. But you just have to learn how to play the rogue the better
and be patient, patience is soo important.
Hate ti throw anything so obvious at you but if your patient you can obliterate anyone within your slow moving path. Now im no armor expert but id say your alrite, but u can almost always improve. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 4 years ago Despite their volatility, trading penny stocks can be extremely lucrative. Here are three ways that you can profit from investing in penny stocks
https://tr.im/c4BBk The good news about penny stocks is that you can buy a good amount of shares without going broke. It’s thus easier to get a good stake in a company for less than you would pay for stock of a larger organization. To find a company that you feel confident investing in, make sure to do your research. Don’t just choose a company because you saw an article about it, or because your friend is investing in it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Goose! 1 decade ago You need alot more resillience gear. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are Vaccines good or bad? 6 answers Whats better shooter games or rpg open world games? 7 answers Can you install games on a computer? 7 answers Any progress with the pandemic? 5 answers Why didn't Insomniac make their first Spider-Man game about Miles? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions recuperar archivos de maletin? Why is a lot of classic games are getting either remade or remastered ? Is it a fake ? How do you determine what your play style is? Have you played Mortal Kombat? What is your favourite character from the game? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites