Rate My Yugioh Deck? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products E Darkness E Darkness
asked in
Games & Recreation Card Games
·
1 decade ago Rate My Yugioh Deck? I need suggestions for my deck. So please tell me what i should get rid of, and what I should add, I worked really hard on this deck, but there's always room for improvement. So Here's My Deck Monsters: Armed Dragon LV3 x2 Giant Germ x3 Raiza The Strom Monarch Jinzo Majestic Mech - Goryu Treeborn Frog Apprentice Magician x2 Armed Dragon LV5 Armed Dragon LV7 Chainsaw Insect Sacred Phoenix Of Nepthys Winged Kuriboh Winged Kuriboh LV10 Morphing Jar Snipe Hunter Phantom of Chaos Jowls Of Dark Demise Marshmallon Spells: Nobleman Of Crossout x2 Level Up! Lightning Vortex Premature Burial Heavy Storm Transcendant Wings Mystical Space Typhoon Foolish Burial Brain Control Reload Soul Exchange Monster Reborn Traps: Magic Cylinder Mirror Force Divine Wrath Sakuretsu Armor Torrential Tribute Update : lol, the deck is not based on armed dragons, the armed dragons are there as beatsticks, they are special summoned, and they have amazing attack points Update 2 : Also, this deck has no "Theme" it is not a Armed Dragon Deck, it is not a Monarch deck, its not even a beatdown, this deck simply makes summoning "Beatstick" monsters easily. The 2 apprentice magicinans are there cuz apprentice magician special summons another one, so i can sacrifice the special summoned one. The giant Germs inflict damage to the opponent when destroyed and special summon 2 other giant germs, so i can sacrifice them. Armed dragons are special summoned, so no tributes are required. Majestic Mech - Goryu has an effect that allows it to be summoned with 1 tribute, ofcoarse, it is destroyed at the end phase, but it has 2900 atk, and it has a spear effect, that does damage between the difference of it's attack, and the opposing monster's defence, so i use it as a beatstick, i dont intend to keep Goryu on the field, unless i have 2 unneeded mkonsters that i can sacrifice for it. So based on what i just wrote, i hope you guys understand more about my deck. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance James 1 decade ago Favorite Answer this deck lacks direction, if you wanna use the armed dragons ditch the Giant germs,
both winged kuriboh and winged kuriboh lv 10. ditch apprentice magician, ditch chainsaw insect, and Jowls of dark demise and majestic Goryu, add in more level up! add in level modulation, add in three Masked Dragons, and one more of Armed dragon Lv5, lose transcendent wings add instead Pot of Avarice, and more sakuretsu armors and maybe some wabokus and draining shields, and negate attacks. add giant trunade as well, and twin headed behemoth. the deck should run more smoothly and if you can get them add one more Armed Dragon Lv 7 and add 1-2 Armed Dragon Lv 10 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post wickersham Lv
4 4 years ago i think of is a gret themed deck yet i'd say you alter the maneater trojan horse for a old vindictive magician or a nighttime assilant the two for cnsistency or superb result why would you have an experienced darkish magician without an rather darkish magician?(comparable is going fo darkish M. female) you could take out the darkish scorpion i don´t see why it rather is there thn if yo you desire wide-spread heavy attackers decide for conflict wolf or triple of the comparable one additionally for thematic purposes attempt pitchblack panther over mirage dragon i think of gyroid is a huge card for risk-free practices and tribute and in a deck like this i think of it may artwork You fot a effective set of enjoying cards there nonetheless you could think of into including some drawing kit 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago People like you have way too much time for stupid games like Yugioh. Honestly, find something better to do. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What’s the difference between a friendly poker game and a serious poker game? 6 answers Why do some people still play with pokemon cards? 5 answers Democrats, why are you rooting for the coronavirus to spread for the sake of blaming it on trump? 11 answers In Magic the Gathering, what is the point of fetch-land cards? 5 answers will pokemon rare cards be worth more in the future or go down or stay about the same? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions A 6 card hand is dealt. How many hands have 3 kings and the ace of spades? my card is damaged &. i requested May 20th and still waiting my new card . ? Who wins this hand? Unique flush.? NEED TO PRINT INSURANCE CARD? What sounds better saying team meeting or team gathering? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites