Tips for juggling 4 balls? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Games & Recreation Hobbies & Crafts
·
1 decade ago Tips for juggling 4 balls? I want to get a better idea of how to juggle 4 balls.I already know how to juggle 4 balls with 2 in each hand where the balls never switch hands,so please no tips or links on that.That way is to easy to learn so I want to learn how to juggle 4 balls with the balls going from one hand to the other like you would juggling 3 balls.So any advice or links to websites would be great. Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer there is a way to do this but it is strange and has a funny rithum. Lean to be ok at the five ball cascade. like 20 catches or somthing. the to do 4ball cascade you strat with 3 in one hand and juggle as if you were dong the 5 ball but with only 4. when it's done it has a hickuplike thing where the 5th ball whould be thrown. this i belive to be the only way. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The best way for balls to exchange hands is to throw every other ball from each hand across, like a Rainbow Cross when you do columns with three balls. A four-ball cascade will not work. You can try a four-ball shower too, which isn't much harder than a three ball shower. Try Googling for four ball tricks. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post alejandra 4 years ago start juggling with your thighs to get a feel for the ball then when you start with your feet just do one at a time drop the ball down then kick it back up to your hands do this until you can do it perfectly every time without kicking it sideways or too high or too soft. then you kick two and do the same thing until you can do two in a row perfectly. then go from here and keep adding more until you can juggle! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Alright Blad 1 decade ago i hate to be the one who probably gives you stupid advice that you don't want but, i've seen many professionals juggle and they all do two in each hand, it is a trick of the eye, i don;t think there's a way to swap hands... good luck finding one and perfecting it, if it does exist! :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What hobbies start with fe? 5 answers What’s wrong with my sewing machine? 7 answers I have access to a sewing machine. Is it hard to use?  I'd like to make some face masks.? 12 answers Is it rare or common for a healthy teenager to die of COVID-19? 10 answers What is this? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What hobbies start with fe? choose material modul!!!!? How to set up time for your hobbies? what to use that is washable to glue yarn to yarn in Canada? Where di I find IZE coin in web wallet? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites