Is this yugioh deck good? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Smiley Smiley
asked in
Games & Recreation Card Games
·
10 years ago Is this yugioh deck good? monsters(18) darkness neosphere x2 dark necrofearx2 jowls of dark demise invader of darkness( just in case) goblin king( if u have this + darkness+ couple otehr darks thsi card becoems godly) newdoria great maju garzett giant germx2( add another one in if u tke ot invader of darkness) dark hunter gorz the emissary of darkness mystic tomatox3 effect veiler( just in case , used only for this effect) Magics(15) book of moonx2 lighting vortex swords of revealing light( for stall until darkness neo or dark necro comes out) tribute to the doomed different dimension capsule mystical typhoon gold sarcophagus( a extra different dimension capsule) megamorph( just if u ever do get dark neosphere out and ur hp is lower = tko) card destruction( easy to summon dark necosphere with) magical stone excavation( to get gold spahagus to reuse it) allure of darkness( a pot of greed but comes with 1 dark monster outa play) darkhole mybody as a sheild foolish burial traps(7) dark illusion raigeki break( in case if they mess with u) return form a different dimension mirror force horn of heaven call of the haunted( to bring goblin king if u have alotta monsters on fail back/invader of darkness) solemn judgment Some guy is selling this for 150 dollars. Is it worth it and is it good? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance MASTER OF OZ 10 years ago Favorite Answer Goblin King isn't a good card to play with. If your other fiends are taken out its atk decreases per one.. If you plan on playing with fiends I am the right guy for it.
monsters(18) darkness neosphere x2 - take out for 2 Kuribohs
dark necrofearx2 jowls of dark demise - take out invader of darkness( just in case)- take out goblin king- take out for 1 kuriboh newdoria - add another one great maju garzett - take out giant germx2( add another one in if u tke ot invader of darkness) - add 1 more in dark hunter - take out gorz the emissary of darkness - take out mystic tomatox3: - take out effect veiler( just in case , used only for this effect)- take out add in: Giant Orc x3 Archfiend Solider x3 Horus the Black flame Dragon
Lv 6 x1 Horus the Black flame Dragon Lv 8 x1 Jinzo x1 Magics(15) book of moonx2 - take out lighting vortex
swords of revealing light( for stall until darkness neo or dark necro comes out) tribute to the doomed - take out different dimension capsule- sideboard mystical space typhoon - add another one gold sarcophagus( a extra different dimension capsule) - take out megamorph( just if u ever do get dark neosphere out and ur hp is lower = tko) - take out card destruction( easy to summon dark necosphere with) - take out magical stone excavation( to get gold spahagus to reuse it) - take out allure of darkness( a pot of greed but comes with 1 dark monster outa play)- take out darkhole mybody as a sheild foolish burial -add in United We Stand x1 Mage Power x1 Monster Reborn x1 Amplify x1 Scapegoat x1 traps(7) dark illusion - take out raigeki break( in case if they mess with u) - side board return form a different dimension mirror force horn of heaven - take out call of the haunted( to bring goblin king if u have alotta monsters on fail back/invader of darkness) solemn judgment - take out -Add in Spell Shield Type-8 - x2 Divine Wrath - x1 Torrential Tribute x1 Magic Cylinder x1 Do my additions and you will have: Monsters : 20 Spells: 12 Traps:8 Source(s):
Trust me I have been playing for 10yrs. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago Thats not worth it. The magic and trap cards arent that good. It doest have any card that brings your monster back from the graveyard every deck should have two of those and it doesnt include the duel mat. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What’s the difference between a friendly poker game and a serious poker game? 6 answers Why do some people still play with pokemon cards? 5 answers Democrats, why are you rooting for the coronavirus to spread for the sake of blaming it on trump? 11 answers In Magic the Gathering, what is the point of fetch-land cards? 5 answers will pokemon rare cards be worth more in the future or go down or stay about the same? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What sounds better saying team meeting or team gathering? Where can I find a magic:the gathering playgroup? how to play and win a poker game ? my card is damaged &. i requested May 20th and still waiting my new card . ? Which hand is the winner? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites