Madolche's , Mermails And Suppressor Dragons Yu-Gi-oh? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Zack Zack
asked in
Games & Recreation Card Games
·
7 years ago Madolche's , Mermails And Suppressor Dragons Yu-Gi-oh? ok there are some new decks out that i just don't understand and some of them i don't even know why there good ill give my little thougths about them so maybe you guys can help me understand them Mermails - ok i know these guys can OTK but i don't understand them you discard one card and your able to target a backrow or a monster one of your monster dies and you bring out that big shark just seems comfusing and i use fortune ladys a deck alot of people seem to not understand that well lol Madolche- i see alot of people use this but i just don't understand it most of the time they never touch the grave ok thats easy but then thats it there card effects don't make that much sense and its kinda annoying to duel but yeah lol Suppressor Dragons- ok these guys sound minus , you banish one too add one then you banish one to summon one and then he returns back in your hand its like spirits but you need to banish i don't know somehow people always find a way to win with them they just don't sound that good i don't know anything where you need to banish or discard then a simple solemn or bottomless will take of it sounds minus :/ Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Harry S 7 years ago Favorite Answer Mermails - They are good because they have AMAZING synergy with the Atlanteans. Mermails benefit from discarding, Atlanteans benefit from getting discarded (by a water monster). In short, they just plus so hard. They are also very consistent because of Genex Undine and Atlantean Dragoons; not only do they get what they need but they also maintain their hand. They can toolbox from their graveyard through Salvage. They have a themed Mystic Tomato on steroids (Abyssgunde) that can bring out your boss monster (Abyssmegalo) easily.
Madolche - The thing about Madolche is that they have the ability to generate great hand advantage. Their themed Field spell and continuous spell replaces every loss on your field into resources in your hand. They have the ability to get out XYZ monsters
quite easily, and are GREAT when used in combination with Ultimate Offering. Their boss monster, Tiarisimu (dont know if I spelled that correctly) can can bounce a card from your field to your deck, not only making you lose field presence but also making your deck more inconsistent.
Suppressor (Elemental) Dragons - They're a new archetype that just recently came out on DN. I think they are a good archetype because (1) they have the ability to toolbox from their banished zone and (2) they have such easily summoning conditions. With such high beatsticks that are easily summonable with different abilities (ranging from destruction or added consistency), it's no wonder this deck is a threat. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What’s the difference between a friendly poker game and a serious poker game? 6 answers Why do some people still play with pokemon cards? 5 answers Democrats, why are you rooting for the coronavirus to spread for the sake of blaming it on trump? 11 answers In Magic the Gathering, what is the point of fetch-land cards? 5 answers will pokemon rare cards be worth more in the future or go down or stay about the same? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who wins this hand? Unique flush.? NEED TO PRINT INSURANCE CARD? What sounds better saying team meeting or team gathering? What’s the difference between a friendly poker game and a serious poker game? A 6 card hand is dealt. How many hands have 3 kings and the ace of spades? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites