in chess, how to defeat the sicilian defence? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Games & Recreation Board Games
·
1 decade ago in chess, how to defeat the sicilian defence? Answer Save 13 Answers Relevance Nulfinator Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Hello; There are whole books about the Sicilian defence -- written by great chess theorists. The way I play against the Sicilian is -- I don't!
I play the English opening with white (1. c4).
It can be considered a Sicilian with a move in hand (if black plays the common 1. ... e5. More to the point I really dislike the opening with 1. e4. Gens Una Sumus, Bill 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anaid 1 decade ago Hi The Sicilian has a lot variations. The stronger your opponents are, the more you have to study it in depth- most of the variations are quite sharp. One wrong step and your position could go belly-up. Learning the first moves is not enough, you need to go over grandmasters' games, understand the concepts of each variation and choose the best plan for each variation for Black. That takes a lot of studying and analysis, otherwise you will get creamed at the board.
Just remember this about the Sicilian- Black's usual strategy is to equalize the game by moving the pawn to d5 and exchanging it for the e4 pawn, therefore dissipating White's strong center and the usual space advantage. If you let them do that, then the game is equalized and you have less chances of winning as White. As a chess master, I played a lot of tournaments and both sides of the Sicilian. It is always challenging to remember all the variations and sub-variations for each Sicilian defense, so I usually choose something safer and easier to learn for White, and although it does not give me a great advantage, I am not taking as many risks and transition into the middle game just fine. Knowing your opening is very important, otherwise you could find yourself in a lost position and just play a lost game- which is no fun. If you are less experienced and you don't mind a bit of a closed position, I recommend the Closed Sicilian to start with. There is less to memorize, it is pretty standard against all the Sicilian variations, and easy to understand. I recommend something like this also because it is safer and requires less work to learn, then you can focus on the middle and end game studies. Find a book on it for the White side for the Closed Sicilian. But while you play the Closed Sicilian, you should start studying the others in more depth.
Hope this helps, good luck to you! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post creeks Lv
4 4 years ago Sicilian Defence Source(s):
https://shrink.im/a0p9J 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post King John dragon-slayer Lv
5 1 decade ago Alight, well, first, *dont* listen to your first two answerers. They're answers are terrible. Hi, I'm John, and in-depth studier of the Sicilian Defense. An ideal Sicilian starts off with
1.e4 c5 2.Nf3 d6 (note: don't be surprised to find black's second move to be Nc6, as it's very common in modern tournament play) 3.d4 cxd4 That's the basic idea of the Sicilian.
This part means basically that White is getting to develope a Knight to a great square (d4) where it's extremely active. The cost? Trading a centre pawn for a wing pawn (cxd4). If you don't want to play along, the most common club-level thing to do in order to stop the Sicilian in its tracks is the Bowlder Attack. Though rarely seen in tournament play, it goes
1.e4 c5 2.Bc4 Very basic and simple.
Perhaps you've heard of the great Paul Morphy. Morphy often played white against the Siclian with a style such as: 1.e4 c5 2.d4 cxd4 3.Nf3 Strange? Yes. But pretty amazing.
I'll leave you to ponder that.
You can try the Bowlder Attack. It stops the Sicilian in it's tracks and forcing black to go along with whatever you make him/her do. Puts you in charge of the game. I haven't the time to go too deep on this, as I've spent months looking at how to conquer every Sicilian Variation, and to force it all into a few paragraphs would be blasphemous, as there are entire books written on a single variation of the Sicilian.
There's a phantasmal article on wikipedia on the Siclian. I actually have the link memorized from going there so much.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sicilian_Defense 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago You can make up your own, but at least use some basic strategies. The Sicilian attempts to unbalance the board.
If you like that, you will need to attack Black's Kingside before your Queenside gets ripped up.
If you don't like unbalanced battles, then you will have to answer through the center by trading off the first pieces that show, or gain a tempo by throwing your opponent a little tidbit pawn to get your pieces in place first - such as the Smith-Morra Gambit (1. e4 c5
2.d4 cxd4 3. c3) Source(s):
25 year chess coach for kids, professional rating 1650 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 5 years ago Binary options let users trade in currency pairs and stocks for various predetermined time-periods, minimal of which is 30 seconds. Executing trades is straightforward. The system uses user-friendly interfaces, which even an 8 years old kid, can operate without having to read any instructions. But winning trades is Not easy.
Binary trading is advertised as the only genuine system that lets users earn preposterous amounts of money in ridiculously short period of time. Advertisers try to implicate as if you can make $350 every 60 seconds; if it was true then binary trading would truly be an astonishing business.
However, does it make any sense? Can every trader make tons of money in binary trading? Who is actually paying all the money or the profit to traders?
The first challenge is finding a trustworthy binary broker; secondly, you need to find a binary trading strategy, which you can use to make profits consistently. Without an effective trading strategy, there is no way you can make money in this business. Learning a profitable trading strategy is possible, You should watch this presentation video
https://tr.im/4f450 It's probably the best way to learn how to win with binary option 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post gman 1 decade ago I am very familiar with chess.
It's actually very simple, but there are too many ways to explain.
The main concept to defeat it that I use is to sacrifice a piece in order to crumble the defense and make it useless.
just play around with it and think about it.
If you learn it and use it against other people, you will most likely be more familiar with it and find its weaknesses.
You will learn how to defeat it with experimentation. Hope this helps. Source(s):
My Brain and Experience. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post daysi 4 years ago In binary options you will have the possibility to predict the movement of various assets such as stocks, currency pairs, commodities and indices. Learn how you can make money trading binary options
https://tr.im/yw0lN An option has only two outcomes (hence the name “binary” options). This is because the value of an asset can only go up or down during a given time frame. Your task will be to predict if the value of an asset with either go up or down during a certain amount of time. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Fair 6 years ago On this site you find all the details about my favourite binary trading software
http://tradingsignal.toptips.org
I like it because it's very easy to use: NO complex charts… NO baffling analysis... NO complicated methods... in fact nothing to learn at all! Check the site... (the proof videos are interesting) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ontiveros 3 years ago 1 Source(s):
Binary Market Secure Success
http://netint.info/AdvancedTradingTechnology/?8foi 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (3) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Whats a good board game for adults? 9 answers Can i be a pro chess player with IQ 133? 4 answers Is diplomacy against the rules in the board game RISK? 4 answers whats your favourite board game? 17 answers The Oujia Board said I will get cancer? Real responses only.? 20 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Board Games? What house rules do you usually play by in Monopoly? Where to buy a Luigi board? Can you get a loan from the bank in Monopoly only one time? what is the name of this chess game. anyone know? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites