Pottermore Polyjuice Part 2 HELP!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products JamminWiz JamminWiz
asked in
Games & Recreation Video & Online Games
·
7 years ago Pottermore Polyjuice Part 2 HELP!? So I've successfully completed part 1 of the polyjuice potion but I can't seem to get the very last part right! Its so frustrating to wait an entire day to do it over again so I was wondering if anybody has the 2nd part of the potion to give me? I'm honestly at the point where I want to move forward in the game but I cant because the lacewing flies are too hard to handle because of the lag. I'd give you anything in my trunk to compensate for your kindness. Just please help me.... Update : Turns out I don't need it anymore. I tried it and somehow got it. Thanks for being nice. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance David Lv
5 7 years ago Favorite Answer I'll send part 2 to you, but you need to add in your Pottermore username so I know who to send it to.
Once you add it, I'll friend you and send along the potion. EDIT: Okay then.
Good for you! Congratulations! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are Vaccines good or bad? 6 answers Whats better shooter games or rpg open world games? 7 answers Can you install games on a computer? 7 answers Any progress with the pandemic? 5 answers Why didn't Insomniac make their first Spider-Man game about Miles? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are Vaccines good or bad? How do you determine what your play style is? Have you played Mortal Kombat? What is your favourite character from the game? If I was suddenly a animal. . Would I still b able to play nintendo swich or other games? Why is a lot of classic games are getting either remade or remastered ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites