what is better xbox 360 or playstation 3? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Games & Recreation Video & Online Games
·
1 decade ago what is better xbox 360 or playstation 3? whats better an xbox 360 or a playstation 3, give me ideas on what one to buy Answer Save 23 Answers Relevance charlieahinds 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Honestly a 360.
It has more features, amazing online features, gamerscore (which makes games much more replayable), cheaper, works with Media Center (on Vista, and with the right software you can stream movies from your PC to the 360, so technically watch any filetype on the console) and much more.
The update recently only makes it sweeter and now you can watch netflix (ok selection, at least its fine for the netflix trial if you dont have the service already). The PS3 is more expensive (about 100 more than a 360 with more than a year of LIVE included).
It has some nice games, but for multiplayer games its just not as good as the 360. Source(s):
I own a 360, played and researched heavily in PS3.
Used to love PlayStation, but xbox converted me during the PS2/XBox years. 0 0 Eta Arimin 1 decade ago There IS no real answer to this question, despite the previous answers.
Neither system is inherently better, or has a particularly wider or superior selection of games.
The Playstation's hardware is superior, but it comes at a hefty fee that many are not willing to pay and the 360's hardware is not all that far behind it.
This higher cost is slightly mitigated by the fact that the XBOX Live system is pay-for-use and the Playstation's network (so far as I'm aware) is totally free (though it does require a credit card for age verification), so over time, online gamers will save by purchasing the PS3. In terms of games, the systems are fairly even, though naturally the PS3 will probably appeal slightly more to RPG players and the 360 slightly more to FPS players, but both systems have a good assortment of all genres of games. My advice would be to get on a game review site (maybe gametrailers.com), find as many games for both systems that you want to play or buy, then purchase the system that has more.
That's the best way to tell which system appeals to you.
Oh yes, one thing however - if you can, play both systems at least once.
If the controller feels unnatural, it will bug you in every game you play. 1 0 Anonymous 1 decade ago Okay I have both systems and listen to me very carefully! I LOVe BOTH SYSTEMS. These systems r so awesome. However the PS3 is better. The xbox 360 and the PS3 are really the same price.I say this because when you factor in the $ you have to pay for xbox live (which is free for PS3), the cost of a wireless ethernet adaptor (free for PS3) and the small Gigabite size. Graphically the Ps3 wins flatdown. Both graphic are mezmorizing but only one can take the cake and thats PS3. Nothing looks as good as the PS3 graphics. After all the games are Blu-Ray games. Blu-ray is HD games and movies. They are the next step in cineamatics. Also the average Blu-Ray player is 325$ which makes the PS3 a great buy. The game collection for the xbox 360 tops the PS3's game collection. However, as far as game quality the PS3 wins. The Ps3 has some great exculsives including: -Metal Gear Solid 4 -Ratchet and Clank Tools of Destruction -Uncharted Drakes Fortune -Resistance (1 and 2) - Little Big Planet (fun for all ages not just little kids!) -Heavenly Sword These are all great. Most games come out for both systems though so you dont have to worry about that much. Next I will share some awesome Xbox 360 exclusives! -Gears of War (1 and 2)
-Halo 3 (not the best after oyu play it for a couple of months) Sadly thats all I can think of. Gears of War and Metal Gear Solid 4 are my 2 favorite games of all time. Here are some great games that are out for both systems. -Elder Scrolls Oblivion -Fallout 3 -Call of Duty series -Madden 09 -Assassins Creed Both sytems are great! However let me say this. The xbox 360 runs on one game engine. The PS3 runs on 16. Literally. Both systems are great so enjoy. However being the proud owner of both systems. I enjoy the Playstation 3 more! Please reasearch the games, listen to review, and watch youtube videos. Watever it takes to get the system you like! Also dont listen to the fan boys for EITHER system!
Finally, as you can see I'm very unbiaosed on these matters. In the end both systems are great. However, I personally like the PS3 Source(s):
I own xbox 360 and the Playstation 3 0 0 Anonymous 1 decade ago Get a ps3 dude. Trust me ull be glad u did it. I bougt a ps3 a month ago after my 360 got the red ring of death. The ps3 has better hardware. Its the newest technology. It has free internet which is great. There's a blu ray player and the games r blu ray so they hold more info for longer games. The graphics r better and the games r better. There's an internal router so u can go online wirelessly. Check these prices. Xbox360 internet router- 99$ Ps3- free$ Blu ray player-300 Ps3- built in. Xbox- loud fan Ps3- quiet Xbox- battery controller (my friend uses 10 dollars a month on batteries for his controllers) Ps3- rechargable controllers. PS3 has a full function web browser so u can go online to websites and such.. it also has PSHOME which is comming out in a month or so which is an amazing virtual world that u can interact with people on PSNetwork it feautures game like graphics and full interactivity and its like GTA4 without the violence but the virtual world is just like that game... great graphics and stuff Ppl argue that xbox has more games. Ok. That doesn mean all those games r good. It doesn mean that ul be buyin all those games either. and 95% of games now come out for both 360 and PS3 so whats the problem? Ps3 has some great games out. Including resistance 2. Mgs4. And little big planet. U should really get a ps3. Ull be totally satisfied. I have to say after gettin a ps3. I don't even bother to go fix my xbox Source(s):
Dont listen to fanboys 0 1 How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Demanrtp 1 decade ago It all depends! For me the xbox 380 is a good system but its going to get old soon. the ps3 will come out with more games and it has alot more cool features on it. The xbox 360 has live which is why the 360 is so cool. so if you cant get live then get a ps3 Source(s):
have both 1 1 Brian Z 1 decade ago xbox 360 1 1 xchasingsummerx Lv
5 1 decade ago Xbox 360, it has a better selection of games and xbox live (the online part) is awesome. 0 1 someguy 1 decade ago Well, if you like "Halo" and want to spend a little less, and have to pay for online then get 360. If you like HD games, shooting games, and free online then get PS3.
I like the 360 better though. 0 0 Mr Jamie 1 decade ago I have a Xbox 360. I aint saying its better than PS3 or even worse. Wait, it is better :D 0 1 Baller12 1 decade ago xbox 360 better games and lower price 1 1 Show more answers (13) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I smashed my boyfriend’s nintendo switch? 27 answers What's the worst game you ever played? 10 answers Why aren't there any good / playable christian themed video games for PS4? 8 answers What are the best video games ever? 23 answers How many of you are not taking the vaccine for covid-19 when it comes out? I'm considering not taking it. ? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Tips for an entry level virtual assistant? How does Xbox Gamepass work? ? Fast Ways to Level Up in World of Warcraft? Any Games Like Supraland? Is Eternatus's move Dynamax Beam better to use in a Wild Den battle than a super effective move? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites