How can I turn off the Power on sound of my Android phone. When it doesn't have power off sound setting? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Siahara Shyne Carter nonickname Siahara Shyne Carter nonickname
asked in
Consumer Electronics Mobile Phones & Plans
·
2 days ago How can I turn off the Power on sound of my Android phone. When it doesn't have power off sound setting? Updated 2 days ago : I don't like the power on sound. It's Annoying. Updated 2 days ago : Everytime I turn on my phone I always hear that ugly Power on sound. 😣 Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance ΛᄂIΣПƧ 🛸™ 2 days ago Favorite Answer There's no setting for it. it was designed to make sound Everytime You turn on your phone on. all you have to do is to cover the speaker of your phone so that Annoying sound will never be heard by your subconscious ear maybe. 7 0 CollyWhite_darkheart 1 day ago Disadvantages of Android phones. Need more Upgrade! 2 0 Cucumberseed 1 day ago The Cellphone masters knows How to silent your phone Power on even there's no settings for it. 3 0 Cedie Calleb 2 days ago Hi. 666 my phone too don't have settings for start up sound. This must be very rare. 5 0 How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in 666 2 days ago From the home page go to Apps then tap on settings. scroll up look for Sound and tap on it. Now scroll up and turn off the button next to "power up sound". Now when you restart your phone the start up sound will be muted. ---How to stop the start-up sound on Android Nougat 7.0 phones 5 0 smilie 2 days ago The phone I brought from local also cannot be turned off the Power On sound. 6 0 Jaxon 2 days ago You can just cover the speaker of your phone to mute the "Ugly Power On ringtone" 8 0 Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Have you ever known someone not to use a mobile phone? 10 answers what if the world stop spining? 5 answers Does $700 buy a good phone? 8 answers Why do some wifi networks have phone names? 4 answers Truly free reverse phone search? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How long does it take for you to put buggers on your iPhone screen after cleaning it? Did my mom block my friends number ? If you cancel rogers internet can you keep rogers account? iPhone iCloud Drive? I have two iPhones on my plan. A white XS and a black XS. Am I able to swap the numbers on the devices? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites