Question about Photoshop CS4...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Computers & Internet Software
·
1 decade ago Question about Photoshop CS4...? The "Fill" tool fills an entire layer with colour. How can I get it to change only one colour?
I'm looking for a function like the Bucket tool in Microsoft Paint. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance amybeader Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer You have to use one of several Selection tools to select just the area you want to fill. You can use the Lasso tool if the area is very generalized, or the polygonal Lasso (click on the Lasso tool, it will reveal the others), which allows you to select in straight lines, or the Magnetic Lasso, which works very well if you have clean edges or good contrast and color difference between the edge of the area you want to select and the surrounding area. The most precise is the Pen Tool. If you use the Pen Tool, make sure to click on the middle of the three small icons near the top left of your window in the Options bar. That will ensure you are creating a path around your object/area. Carefully draw around the edges with the pen tool, clicking and dragging to create anchors and curves. Complete the path (you will see a little circle appear next to the pen tool when you are about to join the ends of your path). You can use the Direct Selection tool (white/hollow arrow) to make adjustments to your path. Then bring up your Paths palette (it may be behind the Layers Palette, look for a tab labeled Paths, or if not, go to Window>Paths). At the bottom of the Paths palette there's an icon that looks like a dotted circle. Click on that to convert the Path to a Selection. If necessary, you can go to the Selection menu to make adjustments to the selection. Now you can fill the selection with your color. When you've finished, hit Ctrl +D (PC) or Command + D (Mac) to deselect. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Evelyn Lv
4 4 years ago yes. it includes photoshop cs4 do you use a good mid range or high end graphics card? that too preferable nvidia. then go for it... otherwise its a big hog on gpu 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago There is Bucket tool in Photoshop too. Just click 'Gradient tool' for few seconds. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How can I teach my 6 year old son to stay away from his Asian classmates to avoid catching COVID-19? 34 answers Is this legal? 10 answers How to install windows on old first generation computers ? I insert disk but it can't boot ,what to do? 5 answers Is it safe to get someone to transfer computer files from one tower to another? 19 answers Why do Mac users get so angry when you make a valid point about why Apple sucks? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How to install application after saving it on hp elite book Pro G2 windows 10 x64 bit? Windows says “Getting Windows Ready” every time? Help with buying an iPad Pro? How do I permanently erase all data from an Android? Windows 10 installation & recovery!? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites