My brand new computer came in broken? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Melora K Melora K
asked in
Consumer Electronics Games & Gear PC
·
6 days ago My brand new computer came in broken? I ordered a brand new computer off eBay, a mid 2007 24 inch iMac and I brought it to my room and plugged it in and pressed the power button but nothing happened. its completely dead. I tried many different outlets and power cords and it wont do anything at all. Answer Save 12 Answers Relevance Pearl Lv
7 6 days ago Favorite Answer just return it and get your money back 1 4 AVDADDY Lv
7 5 days ago 1.There is no such thing as a "new" 13 year old computer. 2.You haven't asked a question. 0 1 Richard Lv
6 6 days ago That sucks, do you have a question? 3 0 Anonymous 6 days ago More iMac troll. Wonder how long this account will last, Phoebe. 4 1 How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Starrysky Lv
7 6 days ago I have a bunch of 2004 to 2011 iMacs, 17 to 27 inch size, all work fine. What I know is that if you briefly touch the power button, it is not enough.  You have to hold it down until something happens.  You should hear a starting chime. Many 13 year old iMacs have bad boards because of aged or faulty electronics.  The worst ones are early models.  This is because of a "capacitor".  Looks like a tiny soup can on the motherboard or power board or illuminator board of the backlight.  If the top of the can is bulging or split, it is shot.  There are kits to replace them.  See Ebay.  Otherwise, send that busted iMac back or recycle it and move on to something modern. 3 0 sirjester099 Lv
6 6 days ago The chances of running across a brand new, unopened iMac for sale that was built in 2007 is almost as low as your troll factor is high! Why you would buy something that is nothing more than a clunky paperweight is why people think you're nothing more than a troll with multiple names! 5 1 Anonymous 6 days ago                                                              4 1 Anonymous 6 days ago Long-term troll using multiple names & mostly posting nonsense about old imacs. Just ignore! 4 2 llaffer Lv
7 6 days ago First, not brand new if it's 13 years old. Second, did you contact the seller to tell them?  If contacting the seller didn't help, contact eBay.  3 0 Anonymous 6 days ago Talk to the person you bought for.  Brand new 2007 ??  2 0 Show more answers (2) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Graphics card for video only? 9 answers Where can I buy the best gaming pc in the world? 10 answers Should I buy a Switch or a gaming PC? 6 answers Gaming console or Gaming pc? 4 answers Severe performance slowdown on games, how to solve? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions how do I get my e-mail from old PC to new PC? What inexpensive small PC or small PC build can be used for game emulation? Why cant I get food delivery using PC president choice gift card? Do you think the last of us will ever come out on pc? Why does the N64 controller have three handles? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites