USB2.0 PC Camera Blurry Problem? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products jonathan jonathan
asked in
Consumer Electronics Cameras
·
2 weeks ago USB2.0 PC Camera Blurry Problem? So a couple months ago I bought this telescope type camera from ebay and I know I should of tested it right away but I wanted to test it when I use it as I didn't see the problem with it and when I tested it, the feedback of it was all blurry and distorted. I don't really know what company makes it but I do have the link of where I got it. Which is shown below. https://www.ebay.com/itm/1-25-Telescope-Digital-El... So anyways, I wanna know if there is any fix to it because I can't return it because I did not predict anything like this to happen at all. I just checked if it was the real think and look official enough. I read the cautions however, there are three of them but the one I think might of caused it was this. "Do not use in hot, cold, dusty, or humid circumstances", which really got me worried and a bit confused at this at the same time. I would rather try to fix this and not buy a new one. Update : Almost forgot to mention. The link I showed is just another one and not from the original one as the original one was ended on the 27th of April. I've also contacted the seller as well just to see if I can figure out things there. I really want to use this very badly as I can't use my telescope because of the difficulty I have because I wear glasses and technically legally blind so cannot see without my glasses clearly. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Sumi Lv
7 2 weeks ago Toss it and buy a more expensive one.  You've got a $10 digital eyepiece where good ones sell for $175; it's a piece of Chinese garbage. I'd inform the seller that it's defective and ask for a refund. 0 0 Iridflare Lv
7 2 weeks ago How close do you get to a focussed image?  It's possible that there's not enough travel in the 'scope's focusser.  If you're nearest to focus when it's fully racked out you might be able to use some tape or cardboard as a shim - if it's the other way round you're looking at rebuilding the telescope! 0 0 keerok Lv
7 2 weeks ago Cameras that cheap may be manual focus. Try turning the lens. 0 0 Anonymous 2 weeks ago You are expecting too much from a camera that sells for $10. People pay hundreds of dollars for a real telescope and more than that for a camera in order to take pictures of the stars. They may also need a device that rotates the camera because the exposures are long and the earth is always rotating. 1 0 How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Pearl Lv
7 2 weeks ago maybe you should contact them and ask them to fix it 0 0 Jamie 2 weeks ago Try to reach out to the ebay customer service, if you feel the product is defected, they could reimburse you of what you paid for, depending on the time frame of how long you had the item.  0 0 Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Cheapest Camera to perform this function? 5 answers Do any camera binoculars have stabilization/anti shake technology built in? I've seen binoculars that have it but not CAMERA binoculars.? 4 answers What camera is this? 4 answers Canon 600D Randomly switched off which filming and now won’t turn back on at all! Please help!? 7 answers So I took a selfie with my new camera I bought and my face is still ugly! Does this mean there was nothing wrong with my old camera? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What camera is this? Do any camera binoculars have stabilization/anti shake technology built in? I've seen binoculars that have it but not CAMERA binoculars.? Cheapest Camera to perform this function? I want to buy this $100 Sony Camera but I don't have a computer only an android phone so how would I get photos from the camera to ebay? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites