keyboard will not work? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products 4053 4053
asked in
Computers & Internet Hardware Other - Hardware
·
8 years ago keyboard will not work? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance sailorbeavis Lv
6 8 years ago Favorite Answer If it's a USB keyboard, unplug the keyboard and plug it back in.
If it still doesn't respond, and you don't hear the Windows "USB Device Inserted" noise, shut the computer off, and make sure there's no debris in the connector on the keyboard cable.
Plug it back in and reboot.
Sometimes the USB drivers in Windows go out to lunch and you have to do that.
If it still doesn't work, try a different USB port. If it's a PS/2 keyboard, then shut the computer down before you remove the cable.
Check to make sure none of the six pins are bent or broken. If it's a Bluetooth keyboard, make sure your Bluetooth adapter is turned on and that you are using the correct PIN to connect the keyboard to the system.
For any wireless keyboard, make sure you have fresh batteries installed. If none of those things work, or the device is physically damaged, it's time for a new keyboard.
I recommend Logitech or Microsoft keyboards, personally. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How to Transfer the Game into the External drive? 5 answers installing SAMSUNG 970 EVO PLUS M.2 2280 1TB and 2TB question.? 5 answers What is the battery on the motherboard ? 4 answers Do you use a mechanical keyboard for work? 4 answers What is the caused of the problem of a PC cannot boot? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can I use my D drive as my C drive? Recover data from USB stick 100 percent free.? Fans, controllers and USB headers, can my motherboard handle it? Can a Asrock b450M gaming motherboard handle this ram? does 5G hurt your eyes through using an LCD screen? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites