What's your favourite kind of steak? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products geoff geoff
asked in
Dining Out United Kingdom London
·
2 days ago What's your favourite kind of steak? Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Anonymous 16 hours ago I like several - rib eye, T-bone, filet mignon, sirloin.  Not too fussy, provided it's cooked with care & attention. 1 0 conley39 Lv
7 18 hours ago Fiorentina which is an Italian cut. 0 0 F Lv
6 19 hours ago T bone......... 0 0 Alyce Lv
7 20 hours ago A nice Ribeye, usually.  Often what is more important than what cut - is the grade of beef. Gading beef usually involves checking to see how much fat "marbling" is in the meat.  The more fat, the more tender and flavorful the meat will be (see image) Prime is the best, but usually only available to high-end restaurants. So it will be hard to find for cooking at home.  Which is fine because most home cooks will ruin it.  But if you get a chance to try it, and $$ is no object, by all means do.  Below Prime grade is Choice grade.   This is usually the grade of meat found at many supermarkets.  Most beef is grade Choice.  Below Choice is "Select." grade.  It's nothing to write home about.  It's actually kind of hard to find in grocery stores.  Many discount stores who sell it won't bother to tell you what grade it is.  There are grades lower than Select, but those are usually used in processed and canned meat. Very little beef is graded in these lower grades - only about 1% Source(s):
https://www.tasteofhome.com/article/what-are-the-g... 0 0 How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Aril Daine Lv
6 1 day ago Beef Steak..... 0 1 earthworm 2 days ago Chicken Nuggets Source(s):
https://www.plannedparenthood.org/ 0 2 Anonymous 2 days ago I love a New York porterhouse....nothing can compare with that. 4 0 Guardian Lv
7 2 days ago None in particular.  Most ppl like prime rib or chuck.  1 2 griggle Lv
7 2 days ago The one someone else is paying for. 4 0 Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is Gordon Ramsay related to JonBenet Ramsay? ? 12 answers What do you make of Gordan Ramsay? 28 answers Can Toby carvery let me eat for 50p? 4 answers Is there more than one McDonald’s in London? 12 answers How much do I need to take to Zizzi? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do you think restaurants in the UK are over-priced? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites