Does the grove have good shopping?Does robertson blvd? Which is better and explain please? California? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products muffin muffin
asked in
Dining Out United States Los Angeles
·
1 decade ago Does the grove have good shopping?Does robertson blvd? Which is better and explain please? California? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Victoria 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The grove is more of a 'someplace to go' especially on a lazy saturday or sunday to wake you up. There's a lot of walkby traffic, a large selection of restaurants, a theatre and mass market shopping stores, like Arden B, Forever 21 and Nordstrom. Robertson Blvd has more high end, only one of each clothing sort of shopping, with salons and spa's and less walk by.
You really cant compare them. Source(s):
LA girl 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bluebear949 1 decade ago I don't really like Grove for shopping as much as eye-shopping & places to eat.
Check out the farmer's market side for mom&pop shop's food. I highly recommend a brazilian bbq place there. Never heard of Robertson Blvd. If u r looking for a place to party in that area as well, check out Vanguard the nightclub on 6021 Hollywood Blvd (Cross St - Gower). *Reserving VIP Bottle/Table Services are STRONGLY RECOMMENDED* Basic Info: • Doors Open @ 9:30 P.M. • Guest List Ends @ 10:30 P.M. • Ladies - FREE before 10:30 P.M. • Men - $15 before 10:30 P.M. • Everyone - $20 after 10:30 P.M. Dress Attire: • NO Baggy pants • NO white tennis shoes, white T-shirts • NO Sports Gear, Hats, Jerseys, Chains VIP Service: • Express VIP entry in to the club • Complimentary admission tickets • Free fruit plate or hookah [depending on table location] • Free champagne [if anyone has an upcoming birthday in your party] Vanguard: • One of Hollywood's classiest & most exclusive clubs • A 21+ venue that accepts no under-dressed attire • The largest smoking patio in Hollywood • 2000 + capacity, 6 bars, 3 dance floors, 2 patios • Newly remodeled main room with new decor • New VIP room and lounge with personal patio, bar, DJ & tables • Million Dollar FUNCTION ONE Sound System • New Visual and Lighting LED wall and Laser systems To get on the guestlist, e-mail me at ckim.pmc@gmail.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago the grove has awsome shopping!!! the best!!!!!!!!! robertson is fun too but i like the grove better for shopping. robertson is good to spot celebrities and shop in high end boutiques, whereas the grove has main stream dept. stores as well as boutiques and ur likely to see a celeb there too! have fun! if it was my choice i would go to both. they are close to each other! happy shopping 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Melissa S Lv
5 1 decade ago robertson is better for boutique, high-end shopping.
the grove is good too, it has more of the national chains (banana republic, jcrew, nordstrom, anthropologie, barnes & noble, it also has a barney's co-op).
i recommend the grove because you can sit, people watch, have lunch (or, dinner).
if you want to drop serious money then go to robertson.
0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Cal Bear Lv
4 1 decade ago It depends on what you are looking for. I always look at the Block like more of a hang out place...but I guess not necessarily...it has a theater and lots of restaurants. The Newport Beach shopping center is amazing. I absolutely love it. Even on hot days you can chill in the shade by the nice fountains and all. Really is a great place to be.
Also the Brea Mall is amazing. I love it! So many stores and a great variety. Now if you are looking for more of a vintage look...try Melrose Ave. in Hollywood. Great deals and great stuff.
Source(s):
http://www.orangecountyshopping.com/NB-shopping.ht... 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions  Which is best safe place to hiking after this corona virus? 8 answers Why do Mexicans call soups sopes and sandwiches tortas when torta means cake? 7 answers Who will I see at the bar when this lockdown ends? 24 answers Is this address sufficient? 4 answers do you trust buying fast food right now, with the coronavirus going around? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who will I see at the bar when this lockdown ends? Is this address sufficient? ayudenme con esto de historia? Does anyone know if there are any companies in Los Angeles that are hiring? que function hace la tapa del tanque del agua de un bmw 2006? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites