Good Creamy pasta sauce? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Crazy Crazy
asked in
Food & Drink Cooking & Recipes
·
7 years ago Good Creamy pasta sauce? Whats some recipes for creamy pasta sauce? Thank you so much! Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer try this Creamy Alfredo Sauce. I found this recipe at www.Gourmandia.com. I tried this recipe a week ago and it was pretty good.
here's the recipe: Ingredients: 1 pound fettucine 1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter 1 cup heavy cream 3/4 cup grated parmigiano reggiano or pecorino romano cheese Handful of freshly chopped Italian parsley Pinch of freshly ground black pepper Directions:
1. Boil fettucine according to package directions.
2. Melt butter and cream together over low heat in a medium saucepan.
3. When butter is melted, take it off the heat.
4. Whisk in the cheese until smooth.
5. Add black pepper, stir, and add parsley.
6. Combine with pasta and enjoy! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post C-Bass 7 years ago Want to try something awesome?
Roast a few red bell peppers and some garlic.
Peel the skin and seeds from the peppers and put it all in a food processor or blender.
Then cook the red paste down with some heavy cream and add salt, pepper, and oregano and white wine.
This will make any pasta sing. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post T. Lv
5 7 years ago That would be the classic Alfredo Sauce. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What sides do you like to serve with a roast chicken ? 27 answers What's your favorite kind of muffin? 19 answers What are some good things to add to a cold pasta salad? 11 answers What goes well with bbq pork ribs and homemade creamed corn? 16 answers Would you rather have : lasagna, seafood gumbo, or philly cheese steak ? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can I use cottage cheese in pizza? how can we make a store bought frosting softer so we can use as a drizzle. ? I’m Portuguese when I was little my grandmother use to make me a Portuguese sweet rice with pumpkin I want to know the recipe ? How many different recipes are there for pumpkin pie? How to soften home maked cookies? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites