Where do cinnamon sticks come from? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Food & Drink Other - Food & Drink
·
1 decade ago Where do cinnamon sticks come from? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Syed M 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Cinnamon (Cinnamomum verum, synonym C. zeylanicum) is a small evergreen tree 10-15 m tall, belonging to the family Lauraceae, native to Sri Lanka and Southern India. The bark is widely used as a spice. The leaves are ovate-oblong in shape, 7-18 cm long. The flowers, which are arranged in panicles, have a greenish colour and a rather disagreeable odour. The fruit is a purple one-centimetre berry containing a single seed. Its flavour is due to an aromatic essential oil which makes up 0.5 to 1% of its composition. This oil is prepared by roughly pounding the bark, macerating it in sea-water, and then quickly distilling the whole. It is of a golden-yellow colour, with the characteristic odour of cinnamon and a very hot aromatic taste. The pungent taste and scent come from cinnamic aldehyde or cinnamaldehyde and, by the absorption of oxygen as it ages, it darkens in colour and develops resinous compounds. Chemical components of the essential oil include ethyl cinnamate, eugenol, cinnamaldehyde, beta-caryophyllene, linalool and methyl chavicol. The name cinnamon comes from Greek kinnámōmon, from Phoenician and akin to Hebrew qinnâmôn, itself ultimately from a Malaysian language, cf. Malay and Indonesian kayu manis "sweet wood". Source(s):
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinnamon 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jonathan M Lv
5 1 decade ago "Native to the island of Sri Lanka, formerly Ceylon, cinnamon peeling is a traditional art passed down from the ages. Grown in the southern province of the island, Cinnamon was unknown to the rest of the world until the late 14th century when the Portuguese, and then the Dutch, developed Cinnamon as an export commodity. In the olden times, special villages were set up by the Kings for Cinnamon Peelers. The "Cinnamon Wood" was used for its sweet, aromatic scent and meat smoked with cinnamon was considered a delicacy. Today, connamon peelers are among the most respected workers in Sri Lanka. Derived from the bushy evergreen tree, this popular, exotic spice is harvested from the tree's inner and outer layers of bark. The harvesting of cinnamon is environmentally friendly. Cinnamon plantations are protected - not destroyed. Here's how it's done. First, cinnamon trees are pruned to shrub height of 7'. Fron these prunings, the outer bark is shaved then ground into natural cinnamon. The inner bark, known as cinnamon peel, is peeled off the stick then sun dried. The peel curls and is sold as "Cinnamon Sticks". 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Deb 1 decade ago Cinnamon is the bark of a small evergreen tea.
HOWEVER, most grocery stores in the USA sell cassia as cinnamon. Read the article I've linked you to in wikipedia. The dangers of cassia are just before the "USES" section. True cinnamon sticks have many thin layers, and the cassia bark (sold as cinnamon and related to cinnamon) has one thick layer. The toxic ingredient is cumarin and it is much higher in cassia than cinnamon. In large amounts, cumarin can cause liver and kidney damage. Source(s):
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinnamon 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post texasblueslady 1 decade ago I don't know but cinnamon toast is great. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in gg Lv
7 1 decade ago the bark of the cassia tree. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post rivershayd 1 decade ago They are from a tree, I think, or maybe they floated through outerspace from Uranus. LOL 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post C_Millionaire Lv
5 1 decade ago it's treated bark from a certain tree 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What was your favorite nostalgia candy? 25 answers I gained 25 pounds in one day? 25 answers Have you ever tried salmon bellies? 5 answers Why do you like spicy food? 12 answers No fridge in the old days, how did people keep their food for long? 57 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are some good restaurant dishes and desserts? What is the best brand of cereal? Why does meat get recalled for E Coli??????? how does it feel to be eating some spaghetti made with ground beef & to hear on CNN that there is a "e-coli" recall now on ground beef? Would you get sick from eating hard cheese with mold that you cut off? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites