Butterscotch chip cookies with coconut - Is that a good combo? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Sunshine Lv
6 Sunshine
asked in
Food & Drink Cooking & Recipes
·
7 years ago Butterscotch chip cookies with coconut - Is that a good combo? I don't have any chocolate. Would butterscotch chips work with the coconut? http://daringgourmet.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/0... Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Nana Lamb Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer any flavor chips are good in cookies! and butterscotch chips would be great with the coconut. I also like the cherry chips with dried cherries and slivered almonds, of course you change the vanilla extract to almond extract for both cherries and almonds!! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Lionel 4 years ago 1 Source(s):
Modern People Paleo Cookbook :
http://PaleoCookbook.raiwi.com/?pTsY 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post prg 7 years ago I think the combination is a little odd. They are two very distinctive tastes. I use a lot of coconut in cooking - traditional Indian and otherwise, and I am quite deliberate about the flavors I combine with it. Coconut macaroons are awesome though :)! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post alc0035 Lv
6 7 years ago You can use the toll house recipe as a base and add anything you want.
Oatmeal scotchies would be even better. You could add coconut to those if you really wanted to. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in say hello to my little friend Lv
7 7 years ago I feel the tastes may clash. But try it and let us know. Maybe walnut aned butterscotch. But try the coconut /butterscotch and let us know it may work out cuz my mouth is watering and my mouth has good taste :) 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Trish Thomas Lv
7 7 years ago yes 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What sides do you like to serve with a roast chicken ? 27 answers What's your favorite kind of muffin? 19 answers What are some good things to add to a cold pasta salad? 11 answers What goes well with bbq pork ribs and homemade creamed corn? 16 answers Would you rather have : lasagna, seafood gumbo, or philly cheese steak ? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do bananas taste so gross? Has anyone ever used chick-fil-a polynesian sause as a barbecue glaze on the grill? Can I use cottage cheese in pizza? Question about carbohydrates and putting on weight? I’m Portuguese when I was little my grandmother use to make me a Portuguese sweet rice with pumpkin I want to know the recipe ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites