How would you rank the fast food sandwich places? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Dining Out Fast Food
·
2 days ago How would you rank the fast food sandwich places? Subway Jimmy john's  Quzno's (I think there's a few left)  Firehouse Potbelly Jersey Mike's Charley's Philly Cheese Steaks Schlotzsky's  Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance sam Lv
4 16 hours ago Potbelly is good, I don't think of it as fast food though, more of a sandwich shop.  I've been to a Jersey Mike's and enjoyed it ok, but I don't remember what I had. Subways always taste good, but are mostly air, so I end up hungry after 5 minutes. Haven't seen the other chains around where I live. 0 0 conley39 Lv
7 18 hours ago Firehouse Charley's Philly Cheese Steaks Schlotzsky's  Potbelly Subway Jimmy John's Jersey Mike's Quzno's  0 0 Anonymous 19 hours ago Firehouse, Quizno's, Subway & the rest are worth rating 0 0 D Lv
7 2 days ago firehouse subway jimmy john's jersey mike's quiznos - i don't have one close to me, unless i want to drive an hour and a half... but when i did have them, it was good until the years went on and the quality reduced potbelly - don't have one... charley's - same boat as quiznos... schlotzsky's - also same boat as quiznos and charley's damn, guess i'm not much of a help lmao 0 0 How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 2 days ago I've only heard of Subway, which seems near-ubiquitous - it's even on Hamburg's Reeperbahn - & Quizno's, which has 10 locations in Calgary alone.   I'd say they're about equal.  I prefer Mr. Sub, a Canadian enterprise.   0 1 Anonymous 2 days ago 1) Firehouse- It's a little expensive but the sandwiches are really good and the service is good also 2) Quizno's- They had great sandwiches but a bad business model.  3) Jimmy John's- The sandwiches are decent and it's not a bad value 4) Potbelly- The sandwich quality is probably near the top of the list but it's expensive and everything else is mediocre at best 5) Schlotzsky's- A different kind of sandwich. Kind of expensive.  6) Charley's- They aren't as good as they used to be.  7) Subway- Good value but the service is horrible.  8) Jersey's Mikes- I ate there for the first time recently. The sandwich was basically something I could throw together with a pack of Steak-umms and some bread from the wal-mart bakery. The worst part is that they charge like they're at the top of this list.  0 0 Kathy Lv
7 2 days ago My favorite is Subway, which is a half a block from my apartment building. Jimmy John's is alright, and Cousins Subs leaves a lot to be desired. 1 0 smejay Lv
4 2 days ago Only heard of Subway. We do like those, though... 1 1 Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is there a Subway or McDonald's in your town? 38 answers How many people love McDonald's? 14 answers How come no one eats at Arby's? 29 answers Is McDonald’s for kids? 20 answers is it fine to eat McDonald’s breakfast everyday? 34 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Did Wienerschnitzel discontinue the pastrami sandwhich? Who likes Chick-Fil-A more than McDonald's? McDonald's ? How many people love McDonald's? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites