what stops corona from freezing? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products bucky bucky
asked in
Food & Drink Beer, Wine & Spirits
·
1 decade ago what stops corona from freezing? last weekend the beer was left outside and all froze except corona.
does anyone have an idea why? that night it must have been at least -10 celcius. and i have seen how to freeze corona by disturbing it after putting it in the freezer, so i know it can freeze.
i'm wondering why it didn't even though it was disturbed..... Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Corona is not your average North American beer. It is lower in carbonation, and appears to have more sugar in it. With a higher sugar content, the freezing point drops drastically. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Liz Lv
4 1 decade ago I don't know why it didn't freeze.
Must have gotten lucky.
I know idiots have left them in my freezer and I ended frozen corona foam along with broken glass all over my freezer a few times. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jack Lv
6 1 decade ago I froze it once. Hey....not on purpose. Had to wait 15 minutes before I could drink it. Even then it was a little slushy. Maybe I can sell the concept to those nice folks over at 7-11. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post MichelleLynn 1 decade ago Umm..
why drink corona?
Find yourself a good beer! 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in lyyman Lv
5 1 decade ago It's the alcohol.
Ever see any frozen whiskey.
We used to drink Rolling Rock because we could hide it out back. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post airforcekid 1 decade ago well its mexican so its hotter. but really, it can have a different chemical makeup so it ferments longer and so long as its fermenting, it will not freeze. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post whoaeeh 1 decade ago pure evil.... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much does a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey cost? ? 8 answers Do I have an issue with alcohol? 8 answers So anyway, Corona is making a come back in China, whose surprised? 8 answers If your friend turns 21 and it is his or her bday, can you purchase the alcohol with and for her if she shows her id? 5 answers Do you Smoke Cigars heavily,moderately or every once in a blue moon? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Where can I buy good Turkish cigarettes? Do u black out at a 0.235 BAC? WINE or BEER? FAVORITE BRAND? If I drink alchohol one night, will it set back my progress? If I add a 2nd 65% boveda pack to my humidor, will I ruin my cigars? I have a cigar jar humidor. ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites