Is there a difference between smooth and creamy peanut butter? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Sara Sara
asked in
Food & Drink Other - Food & Drink
·
8 years ago Is there a difference between smooth and creamy peanut butter? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Anonymous 8 years ago Favorite Answer if you mean within the same brand, very little...the smooth and creamy labels are to differentiate them from what is commonly recognized as natural peanut butter...with natural type peanut butter, the peanuts are indeed crushed to a paste, but the oil and nut butter still separate in the jar, due to lack of homogenization, or something....natural
ground peanut butter usually has a grittier texture, cuz its not ground fine, to be smooth and creamy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Nope, they both are just regular peanut butter. Chunky has Peanuts but smooth and creamy are just Describing words. They use smooth and creamy to try and make it sound more indulgent, cultured, and higher class. But they are really both the Same. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post MR.PICKLES Lv
6 8 years ago no
not really the creamy is whipped more to give you that creamy texture,!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago No difference. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 8 years ago no 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I gained 25 pounds in one day? 22 answers No fridge in the old days, how did people keep their food for long? 56 answers Why do you like spicy food? 7 answers Expired frozen bacon, should I eat it? 10 answers What are some everyday items that most people don't know are edible? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do you like spicy food? What are these fruity gummies? ? Have you ever tried salmon bellies? I have bought too many limes.  Now what can I do with them ?  We don't eat much Mexican foods, so I don't know what else to do.  Advice? do principls like looking at peoples buutts when they spank them? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites