La Senza or la vie en rose? ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Meagan G Meagan G
asked in
Dining Out United States Los Angeles
·
1 decade ago La Senza or la vie en rose? ? And why? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Gumdrop Girl Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer If you are talking about lingerie stores, we do not have La Senza nor La Vie en Rose in Los Angeles. Actually, we do have La Vie en Rose, but it's a very high end restaurant that's in OC, not LA proper -- definitely not what I think you were looking for. Though if it was, then you're in the right forum. You may want to send this question to Beauty and Style. And for what it's worth, if you do want to buy great lingerie in the Los Angeles area, my favorite is East Thirteen. It's a fine shop in Paseo Colorado in Pasadena (surprisingly located at 356 East Colorado Blvd.), and I love to get stuff from there when I can afford it. You can look at their website at
http://www.east13.com/ Next to that, my vote is for the *classic* Frederick's of Hollywood. It *is* Hollywood, after all. And frankly, I find their stuff is built a lot sturdier than Victoria's Secret. Frederick's has better stuff for "full figure," "curvy," "voluptuous" girls like me. And no, those aren't euphemisms for "fat." Source(s):
Shake what yo' mama gave ya. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago I think La Vie En Rose is generally better quality with nicer, more "classic" designs. La Senza does have some really cute things, but I find they are really hit-and-miss. Unless you are 100% sure of what your lady will like, stick with La Vie En Rose, just because a classic style is much safer. I also find the staff in LVER is MUCH more helpful. I was in a store for over an hour trying on every white corset they had shopping for my bridal lingerie, and the girls there were just awesome. I made the same kind of trip to La Senza when looking and they were not nearly as helpful. Good Luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago La Vie En Rose Mandolin Source(s):
https://shorte.im/a0peN 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post WallyZ Lv
7 1 decade ago I agree with Beth.
But then you can create a song about La Senza... La Senza, Oh don't you cry for me For I come to gay Par---eee with a mandolin on my knee BTW, there was a small chain called La Vie En Rose.
The only one I know that is left is in Brea Ca.
0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in beth 1 decade ago I choose la vie en rose because that sounds good than La Senza. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions  Which is best safe place to hiking after this corona virus? 8 answers Why do Mexicans call soups sopes and sandwiches tortas when torta means cake? 7 answers Who will I see at the bar when this lockdown ends? 24 answers Is this address sufficient? 4 answers do you trust buying fast food right now, with the coronavirus going around? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does anyone know if there are any companies in Los Angeles that are hiring? ayudenme con esto de historia? Why do Mexicans call soups sopes and sandwiches tortas when torta means cake? Best place view spots at night time by Long Beach/Orange County area? •	¿A qué se debe que algunos materiales sean rígidos y otros fluidos? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites