corona beer? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Food & Drink Beer, Wine & Spirits
·
1 decade ago corona beer? how does corona beer taste?? Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Barney Grumble 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Normally served with a slice of lime in the bottle neck, then pushed down into the bottle. it gives it a sharpness, it may seem more "watery" than some other, stronger beers but its is very refreshing - my beer of choice 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jay G 1 decade ago Corona tastes like a good light lager when it is fresh. Unfortunately, a fresh Corona is as rare as a lawyer in heaven. Because light causes beer to turn skunky, the clear bottle is detrimental to the freshness. Miller High Life, on the other hand, uses a lot of preservatives to make up for their clear bottle. The problem is, the preservatives give the beer a "chemical" taste. The lack of preservatives leaves Corona with a good taste, but only for a short period of time. Since it is an import, that time is usually used up on a truck or in a warehouse. Fortunately, the addition of a lime helps to reduce the bitter skunk taste. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Invisible Man Lv
6 1 decade ago Unlike other beers, Corona tastes crisp and clean. It doesn't have that nasty fermented wet nasty bread taste, like a wet stale dinner roll, or like stump water. It's the best beer made! Eat the lime (it's good for you, and tastes good with the Corona---I have no clue what the reason is for serving it with the beer). 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post fab_rr 1 decade ago The taste is bitter bland and flavorless.
I guess I have to agree to some comments that Corona tastes like Pee. It is a clear beer with no tatse that is so popular just because their intense marketing campaigns. all those commercials make it seem cool so people buy buy it no matter how it tastes. It kind of has becomed the Bacardi of imported beers... at least on the spirits bacardi tatsed good. Go on and skip Corona.. if you decide to try it the best is free since its just painful to drink 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Angel Face! Lv
5 1 decade ago I like Corona with a slice of lime and a dash of salt. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post jefecito87 1 decade ago good chilled to perfection i love the new miller chill though it taste a hundred times better 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago well it smells like a skunk, so just imagine that haha. it isnt very good without lime. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post absynthenight 1 decade ago Sucks....Newcastle or Guiness rule! 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post karl Lv
4 1 decade ago LIKE S**T! 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post <3 Lv
5 1 decade ago like pee...literally. well thats my opinion.. 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much does a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey cost? ? 8 answers Do I have an issue with alcohol? 8 answers So anyway, Corona is making a come back in China, whose surprised? 8 answers If your friend turns 21 and it is his or her bday, can you purchase the alcohol with and for her if she shows her id? 5 answers Do you Smoke Cigars heavily,moderately or every once in a blue moon? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do u black out at a 0.235 BAC? where can I find Buchanan 18 whiskey in Toronto? If your friend turns 21 and it is his or her bday, can you purchase the alcohol with and for her if she shows her id? WINE or BEER? FAVORITE BRAND? Does this were the symptoms of alcoholism? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites