eighteenth birthday ideas? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Food & Drink Entertaining
·
1 decade ago eighteenth birthday ideas? k so here is the deal. listed in order of significance: 1. i 'm turning 18 this month. 2. i want to throw a party cause i didn't have one last year 3. it has to be cheap. 4. it has to be parent acceptable while still not being boring. 5. parent supervision, while minimal, is still a factor. 6.i've done too many movie parties, and i want this one to be special. 7. it has to be co-ed 8. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT TO DO. Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance sarah Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer i don't know how the weather is where you live, but depending on it you might be able to take everyone ice skating or to an amusement park and from there everyone can go and eat pizza somewhere. my 18th birthday sucked but at least i got cheesecake [my favorite] 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Our daughter is turning 18 in April. We are planing a Black and White theme. It is fun and cheap to plan a party with a theme. Also if you need space check into rec rooms at apt. complexes. They rent them out for cheap. You could have dancing and finger foods that are cheap and not messy!!! See if your closest friends can bring a appetizer that will limit some of the cost. Also try a ice cream Sunday bar... That has fun all over it!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Clueless 1 decade ago I think it would be best if you throw a cocktail party 1980's theme. There are a lot of 80's hits that you can play on the background of the party. While everyone would dress up as their favorite 80's Icon. This way
everyone can dress up but still can afford to have fun. Plus you can also serve cocktail drinks with minimum alcohol content. Serve finger foods, sandwiches, tacos and fries. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago - Hollywood - Costume - Hawiaan - Paris - Casion/Vegas - Pirate - Mocktail (Mock Cocktails) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions how safe is cleaning menus in a restaurant with COVID going around? 9 answers what are the chances of catching covid from sanitizing a menu? 6 answers Here everything is back to normal. Thank you Donald and Gov. DeSantis for encouraging us to fill our restaurants, beaches and nail salons? 4 answers today is my birthday. should i throw a party with over 150 guests? 5 answers Ideas for mums birthday during lockdown? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions when will there be a Fnaf dark ride? what are the chances of catching covid from sanitizing a menu? Gold and yellow together? What went on 1993 was Carlos Saul Menem say justce as a party people at an SM club there came I though why not guilty for universal justice? Can I host a party in my house in Texas now? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites