How to make a plain butterscotch cake? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Moon Moon
asked in
Food & Drink Cooking & Recipes
·
8 years ago How to make a plain butterscotch cake? I'm making a two tier cake for my bf's mother this sunday, but I want to make a cake with store-bought butterscotch pudding in it...all the recipes i've looked up say either instant or give me some mixture with brown sugar and boiling water, which is clearly not helping me. If someone could give me a link or recipe it would be very helpful. Thanks! Please help! Update : I want a scratch recipe, nothing from a mix...and uses actual pudding. From a pudding cup? Like the ones you take to school? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Caroline Lv
5 8 years ago Favorite Answer I found a recipe that may work for you, but it only makes a 9" square cake.
If you're wanting a larger cake, I would simply double or triple the recipe.
Hope this works for you.
:) Butterscotch Pudding Cake Ingredients: Servings: 9 1 cup flour 1/2 cup brown sugar 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 2/3 cup milk 2 tablespoons butter, softened 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 (3 1/2 ounce) package butterscotch pudding mix (not instant) 2 cups very hot water Directions: Heat oven to 350°F. Lightly spoon flour into measuring cup; level off. In medium bowl, combine flour, brown sugar, baking powder, and salt; mix well. Add milk, margarine, and vanilla; stir to blend. Pour into ungreased 9- inch square pan. In small bowl, combine pudding mix and hot water; blend well. Pour slowly over batter in pan. Do Not Mix. Bake at 350°F for 30 to 35 minutes, or until center is firm to the touch and toothpick inserted in top half of cake comes out clean.(The top surface of the cake will appear cracked.). Cool in pan 5 to 10 minutes. To serve: spoon warm cake, pudding side up into dessert dishes. If desired top with whipped topping. Source(s):
http://www.food.com/recipe/butterscotch-pudding-ca... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Angela Lv
4 8 years ago Butterscotch Cake Recipe Ingredients for Butterscotch cake: 1 1/2 cup flour 2 eggs 1 1/2 cup sugar, powdered 3/4 cup butter 1 t-spoon Baking powder 1/4 t-spoon cooking soda 1/2 t-spoon vanilla extract For butter frosting 1/3 cup butter or margarine 2 cups powdered sugar 2 table-spoon Cream 1/2 t-spoon vanilla extract 1 table-spoon hot water How to make Butterscotch cake: First of all, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt butter and put it in a large bowl, add sugar to the bowl and mash it properly such that sugar gets dissolved in butter, mash the mixture only clockwise direction for the complete recipe. Now, add eggs, first the white part only, mash it for a minute. then, add the yellow part, mash it again for a minute. Then, add flour, vanilla essence. Again mash the complete mixture now. Mash it properly now, for 5 mins. atleast so that no lumps remain. The more you mash the mixture the more softer resultant cake well be. Then, add baking powder and cooking soda and mix it properly again for a minute or two. Now, take a pan of microwave oven, grease the bottom and sides of the pan properly with 1 t-spoon butter. Put the batter in the pan and spread it properly. Now, start baking the cake. Bake it for 40 mins. If it still sticks after inserting a toothpick, increase the baking time. After 40 mins. or so hot Butterscotch cake will get ready. Take out the cake from oven and let it get cool at room temperature. Now, to prepare the butter frosting. Take a medium size pan and heat butter on it on low flame. As the butter starts turning brown, add the other ingredients of frosting, keep stirring the mixture for 2 mins. or till the mixture gets smooth. Turn off the heat and let the frosting gets cool. Now, frost the cake with layers of butter frosting. Serve chilled. Note - Always mash Butterscotch cake as much as you can in clockwise direction only. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Butterscotch Cake ingredients
cooking spray
1 (18.25 ounce) package white cake mix
1 cup canned pure pumpkin
1 (3.4 ounce) package instant butterscotch pudding mix
4 eggs, beaten
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup canola oil
2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice
Check All Add to Shopping List .Directions 1.Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C). Spray a 10-inch fluted tube pan (such as a Bundt) with cooking spray. 2.Mix white cake mix, pumpkin, butterscotch pudding mix, eggs, water, canola oil, and pumpkin pie spice in a bowl until all ingredients are thoroughly combined and the batter is smooth. Pour batter into prepared cake pan. 3.Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out with moist crumbs, about 1 hour and 10 minutes. Let cake cool in the pan for 15 minutes before inverting onto a serving dish to remove cake from pan. Source(s):
Paddy's kitchen 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Plain Butterscotch Cake Ingredients: White Flour-1.5 cups(approx 220 gms) Baking Powder-1/2 tsp Baking Soda-1/2 tsp Curd-1 cup Sugar-1 cup or more accd to the taste Lemon Rind-1 tsp Butterscotch essence-1 tsp Oil-1/4 cup Method: 1. Sieve white flour, baking powder and baking soda, so that they are mixed homogeneously.(flour mixture) 2. Mix curd, sugar,lemon rind, essence in another bowl.(mixture b) 3. Mix the flour mixture and oil
with mixture b slowly. 4. Put the final final mixture in the pre-heated oven. 5. For the first 10 min, temperature should be 220 C and then 180 C for the next 30 min Source(s):
http://notecook.com/bread/plain-butterscotch-cake-... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What sides do you like to serve with a roast chicken ? 27 answers What's your favorite kind of muffin? 19 answers What are some good things to add to a cold pasta salad? 11 answers What goes well with bbq pork ribs and homemade creamed corn? 16 answers Would you rather have : lasagna, seafood gumbo, or philly cheese steak ? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can I use cottage cheese in pizza? What are some good things to add to a cold pasta salad? how can we make a store bought frosting softer so we can use as a drizzle. ? How many different recipes are there for pumpkin pie? Why do bananas taste so gross? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites