whats the orgin of Corona beer? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Food & Drink Beer, Wine & Spirits
·
1 decade ago whats the orgin of Corona beer? where is it from ? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Captain ChiliDog Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Corona is produced at a number of breweries in Mexico, by Cerveceria Modelo. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago A Mexican horse with diabetes took a monstrous whizz. Some of it got on a skunk, who retaliated by spraying its scent into the puddle. A Mexican brewer walked by and smelled it. He thought to himself, "I'll bet that the gringos would buy a beer that stank like this if we marketed it the right way." The rest is history. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Made in a giant Mexican factory for stupid gringos to drink! 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post sports fan 1 decade ago Same place where tequilla comes from. Mexico 0 6 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in The Beerman Lv
6 1 decade ago Flat, tasteless burro pee. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much does a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey cost? ? 8 answers Do I have an issue with alcohol? 8 answers So anyway, Corona is making a come back in China, whose surprised? 8 answers If your friend turns 21 and it is his or her bday, can you purchase the alcohol with and for her if she shows her id? 5 answers Do you Smoke Cigars heavily,moderately or every once in a blue moon? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Should I be concerned? If I add a 2nd 65% boveda pack to my humidor, will I ruin my cigars? I have a cigar jar humidor. ? Where can I buy good Turkish cigarettes? where can I find Buchanan 18 whiskey in Toronto? Does this were the symptoms of alcoholism? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites