What is the use of ''tenting'' meat ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Third One Down Third One Down
asked in
Food & Drink Cooking & Recipes
·
1 decade ago What is the use of ''tenting'' meat ? I was looking up BBQ tips, and almost all the sites say to tent your meat before serving. I get the point of letting it rest, to let the juices distribute, but what does covering it with foil add ? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Christopher715 Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Tenting = resting............. There is a culinary phenomenon that occurs when a baked/roasted item is taken out of the oven: it's called "carry over cooking".......... When you take you beef tips from a screaming hot oven, and expose them to the ambient temperature of the kitchen, that "roast" is still roasting.
Due to the ambient temperature being so radically cooler that the oven environment, tenting the meat with a piece of foil lets the meat to continue the "carry over cooking process" to continue to "do it's thing" by letting the meat rest tented, you keep some of the residual heat in, and it also allows the meat to NOT release all of it's precious juices once carved.
Most meats benefit from this technique, I usually let my beef/pork roasts rest tented about 10 minutes.
Turkeys for Tgiving??
About 20 min to 1/2 hour........Enjoy Christopher K Source(s):
I was professionally trained at Le Cordon Bleu......LCB certified Le Cordon Bleu Grand Diplome 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post Elli S 1 decade ago It keeps the heat in. Nothing more fancy than that. YOu don't want it super tightly sealed, because you'll end up steaming the meat. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Morales Familee Lv
5 1 decade ago it keeps the heat in 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it safe to put raw hamburger back in the fridge after thawing it? 15 answers What sides do you like to serve with a roast chicken ? 33 answers What's your favorite kind of muffin? 23 answers If i left a chicken out on the counter over night to defrost and didn't put it back in the fridge will the chicken go bad? 11 answers What are some good things to add to a cold pasta salad? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions i need a receipt for apricot pineapple jam, using fresh haricots? Do you buy Greek seasoning in bulk like rosemary thyme oregano etc? Do you ever fear making extravagant and new receipes In deed of wasting a lot of time and money? Can I use a stove as a deep fryer? Can you use buttermilk instead of regular milk for muffins? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites