Are Hardees and Carl Jr the same? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Dining Out Fast Food
·
7 years ago Are Hardees and Carl Jr the same? if not why are they using the same symbol of a yellow star? Answer Save 11 Answers Relevance Captain ChiliDog Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Carl's Jr. was founded in 1954 in California, and were named "Jr." because they were a smaller version of Carl Karcher's restaurant "Carl's Drive-In Barbeque" (which had been opened since 1941). Hardee's was founded in 1960 in North Carolina. In 1997 Carl's Jr. (Carl Karcher Enterprises) bought out Hardee's, and over time the restaurants converted to serving products available from Carl's Jr., as well as taking on the Carl's Jr. star logo. So why didn't they just change the Hardee's locations into Carl's Jr. back in '97? Because it would be easier to convince folks to try a "New and Improved Hardee's" than to try some place they'd never heard of (Carl's Jr.). It's what's known as "Brand Recognition". It's the same reason why both restaurants sell the same burger but Carl's calls it the "$6 Burger" and Hardee's calls it the "Thick Burger". 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Pretty much. They're owned by the same company just like Rally's and Checkers. People say that they don't put the two resturants under the same name due to recognition. Which is kinda true but if my Hardees became a Carl's Jr or my Rally's became a Checkers, I really wouldn't care. I'm not some fragile person who freaks out over a name change. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post mccoyblues Lv
7 7 years ago They are the same company. Hardee's are in the south and midwest. Carl's Jr locations are all out west. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ItsBitzo Lv
6 7 years ago Well, they're owned by the same company & their logos are nearly identical (the star), but they're considered two separate restaurants. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Chad Lv
7 7 years ago They are one of the same 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago They aren't they're actually a sibling-chain restaurant with the parent company being CKE Restaurants which also parents Green Burrito and Red Burrito chain restaurants. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago They are owned by the same....
Just like Lowe's and Walmart are, but under different management. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bui Huutam Lv
4 7 years ago Yes they are the same 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post JAMIE LISSKY 7 years ago I heard so 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Christina Lv
6 7 years ago i think so 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (1) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions do you like mcdonalds or dairy queen better? 5 answers Why did the Arby’s employee roll her eyes at the drive thru when I asked if I could have ketchup? ? 14 answers How is McDonald's icecream so creamy and smooth? 12 answers Should I get chicken nuggets or a chicken sandwich from Chick-Fil-A? 4 answers Why might a McDonalds hamburger be more addicting or give you a bigger craving than other burger products? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What would you do if you went to dinner with your boyfriend he ate so much his pants ripped? Why would a fast food manager do this? do you like mcdonalds or dairy queen better? Are McDonald’s pickles real? Why is Panda Express lying in their ads? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites