what is the best restaurant to eat at? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Misty Misty
asked in
Dining Out Other - Dining Out
·
3 weeks ago what is the best restaurant to eat at? Answer Save 15 Answers Relevance ♥Sweetness♥ Lv
7 2 days ago None right now.  0 0 roqu 1 week ago Ruby Tuesday, even though they downsized their menu. 0 0 Lovebug 2 weeks ago I love this restaurant called Sister's! It has my favorite foods which are wings and the rest is Mexican food which I love. And they make Mexican icecream for dessert and they also make apple burritos where they just put apple pie filling in the tortilla and wrap it like a burrito and they always deep fry their burritos and everything they make on a tortilla and it is so so good!  0 0 Christin K Lv
7 2 weeks ago Um, the one with the best food and prices you can afford? 0 0 How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in 🦋 Lv
6 3 weeks ago One thats fine dining 0 0 Nazanin 3 weeks ago I know nothing about tastes of all! 0 1 el stapler Lv
5 3 weeks ago Whichever ones you like.  I mean, everyone prefers different types of food and or service formats.   1 0 ajtheactress Lv
7 3 weeks ago Totally a subjective thing. Best for you will not be universal and with no idea your location or food preferences nobody can answer this. 1 0 Anonymous 3 weeks ago No such thing as "the best restaurant". 0 0 Scott Lv
6 3 weeks ago I like Chinese buffets that have sushi. But they are all shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic. So right now I guess I pick the Olive Garden. 0 0 Show more answers (5) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is a good name for a pizza fried chicken sub resturant ? 14 answers Is there a breast size requirement working at HOOTERS restaurant? ? 8 answers Why is it that when I call a local pizza restaurant for delivery they tend to not pick up the phone? 5 answers Why would a Philly cheesesteak place charge $1 to add mayo on a cheesesteak whereas their burgers come with mayo for no additional charge? 4 answers Do you tip your server? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Olive Garden is racist restaurant? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites