How Does Corona Differ from other Beer? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Nancy W Lv
5 Nancy W
asked in
Food & Drink Beer, Wine & Spirits
·
9 years ago How Does Corona Differ from other Beer? Ok Beer fans I need some help. I've been wanting to try corona for a while and just haven't mainly because well I'm not sure what to expect. Is it smoother? does it have a different flavor? Right now my beer experience consists of Bud Light, Moose light, bud light lime, and moose light lime. If you can compare it to any of those that also would be helpful. Thanks :) Update : I'm sorry Richard English, but you using "American Beer" and "Real Beer" in the same sentence to me is funny. Canadians laugh that American Beer is weak, and basically crap Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Soda Popinski Lv
6 9 years ago Favorite Answer In one very major way. But first, some background in how beer works.
As you probably know, beer is made with hops - these are sort of the "spice" of beer, and helps to balance out the sweet, maltiness imparted by barley during the brewing process. Not all that important though if you just want to drink a beer. What is important is that hops, or at least the oils from hops that impart bitterness to the beer. This is very susceptible to UV light and its why most beer is in brown bottles. UV light creates a chemical reaction with the hop oils, and imparts a skunky flavor to beer. This is the number one way beer becomes "skunked." Now, as you are also likely aware, Corona is in a clear bottle. So what gives? I thought light was bad for beer? Well, it is - except Corona. You see, Corona is not a very "beery" beer - it's a very light lager, and is made that way to taste more crisp and refreshing than, say, heavier, European styles of ale and lager. Corona uses a very, very small amount of hops and then intentionally exposes the beer to light thus creating what would normally be considered an undesirable reaction. In Corona, the small amount of hop conversion actually helps impart both the unique Corona flavor, and smoothness.
Needless to say, it's not a very flavorful beer, but it is refreshing. And this process of exposing the beer to light is unique. I believe that the beer Sol follows a similar process. Source(s):
Duffman 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tom K Lv
7 9 years ago Ever wonder why you almost must add a slice of lime to Corona?
It's the only way to give it any flavor at all and to make it even remotely drinkable!
And the other brands you've been drinking aren't much better.
Don't get me wrong, they'll do if you just want to have a beer.
But if you want to have a fuller "beer experience", then you need to try some other brands.
Try some Warsteiner, a very nice German beer.
Try some Cerveza Dos Equis, a better Mexican beer, especially their amber beer.
Better yet, go to a grocery or liquor store that will let you mix and match.
Get a six pack of 6 different beers.
Grab 6 that you've never tried before.
Perhaps that you've never even heard of.
You will like some better than others; that's natural.
But the experience will help develop your ideas of what a beer ought to be. Source(s):
http://www.warsteiner.com/en_US/html/index.html
http://dosequis.com/ 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Richard English Lv
7 9 years ago Not a lot. I has maybe a bit more flavour than the like of Bud Light - but it's far from being a great beer. The fact that so many Americans seem to think it is speaks volumes about the quality - or lack of it - of most American mass-market beers. Drink Real Ale - THEN you'll understand what beer is truly about and just how wonderful it can be.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post watlington Lv
4 4 years ago possibly the better alcohol content of Budweiser delivers a headache. Corona is made up of corn with some hops and barley thrown in and is extremely sugary. Budweiser is made up of barley hops and rice. Budweiser is 5% alcohol jointly as jointly as Corona is around 4%. i come across it concepts-blowing which you have this journey. I easily have precisely the different journey, Corona, Modelo and Negra Modelo ( the latter 2 from the comparable brewery because of fact the 1st) all supply me an incredible headache and ofetn promptly. I characteristic it to the corn sugar. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Kevin Skinner 9 years ago Its good, also I recommend modelo 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much does a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey cost? ? 8 answers Do I have an issue with alcohol? 8 answers So anyway, Corona is making a come back in China, whose surprised? 8 answers If your friend turns 21 and it is his or her bday, can you purchase the alcohol with and for her if she shows her id? 5 answers Do you Smoke Cigars heavily,moderately or every once in a blue moon? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do I have an issue with alcohol? If I drink alchohol one night, will it set back my progress? If your friend turns 21 and it is his or her bday, can you purchase the alcohol with and for her if she shows her id? Does this were the symptoms of alcoholism? WINE or BEER? FAVORITE BRAND? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites