Need a good creamy frosting..? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Laura Laura
asked in
Food & Drink Cooking & Recipes
·
1 decade ago Need a good creamy frosting..? I looking for a creamy frosting that is not to sweet ( less powder sugar) and fluffy but holds it's shape for decorating. I really love the bakery frostings they put on cakes, they always creamy and not sweet and hard like buttercream is. I been to cake decorating classes and the only frosting they use is buttercream which tastes like pure powder sugar. please help Update : thx everyone for answering but i found one on my own its uses egg whites found it on Martha stewert
site.. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Wedge - The Envy of all Corellia Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer This is how I have been making frosting for as long as I can remember - enjoy: Butter Cream Frosting 2 sticks of butter, softened 2 cups powdered sugar 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 3-4 tablespoons milk With an electric mixed whip butter until creamy; add powdered sugar, lemon juice and vanilla. Combine until well mixed. Add milk by the tablespoonful until desired constancy is reached. For chocolate: Melt 2 squares of semi-sweet baking chocolate and add to the sugar butter mixture before adding milk. Then add milk by the tablespoonful until desired constancy is reached. Cream Cheese Frosting
1 8-ounce package cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup butter, softened
2 teaspoons vanilla
1 teaspoon lemon juice 5-3/4 to 6-1/4 cups sifted powdered sugar
Directions Beat cream cheese, butter, vanilla and lemon juice with electric mixer until light and fluffy. Gradually add 2 cups of the powdered sugar, beating well. Gradually beat in additional powdered sugar to reach spreading consistency. This frosts tops and sides of two 8- or 9-inch layers. Cover and store the frosted cake in refrigerator. Makes about 4 cups.
Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting: Prepare frosting as above, except beat 1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder into the cream cheese mixture and reduce powdered sugar to 5-1/4 to 5-3/4 cups.
If frosting is too stiff, add milk by the tablespoonful until desired consistency is reached. You can use other flavors of extracts, juices such as orange juice or liqueurs if you want a more exotic flavor of frosting/icing. By using lemon juice you eliminate the need for salt and it also cuts down on the sweetness of the frosting - I have been doing it this way for years and everybody loves my frosting. WA 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Paula 1 decade ago My favorite icing is whipped cream! It's sooo good. It's sweet, but not overly sweet. Plus, you can color it just like other frostings, and it doesn't take away the flavor of the cake. They compliment each other perfectly. :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago INGREDIENTS
* 1 cup milk
* 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
* 1 cup butter, softened
* 1 cup white sugar
* 1 teaspoon vanilla extract DIRECTIONS
1. Whisk milk into flour in small saucepan until smooth. Heat and stir until it boils and thickens. Cool thoroughly.
2. Cream butter, sugar and vanilla in bowl until light and fluffy. Add thickened milk. Beat until mixture resembles whipped cream. Makes enough to fill and frost 2 layer cake, about 3 1/2 cups. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What sides do you like to serve with a roast chicken ? 27 answers What's your favorite kind of muffin? 19 answers What are some good things to add to a cold pasta salad? 11 answers What goes well with bbq pork ribs and homemade creamed corn? 16 answers Would you rather have : lasagna, seafood gumbo, or philly cheese steak ? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do bananas taste so gross? Can I use cottage cheese in pizza? What are some good things to add to a cold pasta salad? How to soften home maked cookies? Can i use packet savoury rice to replace instant noodles? Or are they unhealthy as well? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites