Harley Davidson or Japanese? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Yner Yner
asked in
Cars & Transportation Motorcycles
·
1 decade ago Harley Davidson or Japanese? Thinking of buying a motorcycle. Which do you think is the better choice? Dependability? Maintenance? Cost? etc.
Thanks for your input. Answer Save 18 Answers Relevance Dimo J Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer If either Japanese or Harley Davidson were noticeably superior in dependability, maintenance, cost, etc. they would dominate the market.
Neither does.
Hence it is a toss up.
Pick the bike that best suits where and how you ride, fits your body, and has a style that you find acceptable. Think about it!
How many motorcycles have you seen broken down on the side of the road? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Firecracker
. Lv
7 1 decade ago The best choice is the one that suits your needs and makes you happy. Note that the operative word is "you". Dependability of all the major brands is good, or better than good. Maintenance and parts costs are comparable. So are labor charges at dealerships. I can get parts for 20 year old Hondas at the local dealer. I can't say quite the same for Harley, but older parts for those abound. The aftermarket is ripe. I used to have to order parts for the 'zuki, they had to be shipped from Japan. I bought used or rebuilt parts from a yard for the Yam. I never owned a Kaw. In the end, it's all pretty much equal.
Get that which suits you, and hang the rest. Source(s):
Live Free Or Die. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post NavyBrat Lv
4 1 decade ago I started out with a Honda Rebel 250cc because I've never ridden anything before. Had a small problem with the air filter and the dealer said "these are pretty much bullet proof" - the oil had been overfilled by a guy that changed the oil for me and was being sucked into the air filter because the blow-by is close to it. Easily fixed. Then I bought a Yamaha V Star 650 Classic from a private owner. It had sat for nearly 3 years so I had all the fluids drained so I could just start over fresh. The dealer said "these are pretty much bullet proof."
If you read any reviews on here, you will get the full gamut ! Those that hate your bike, and those that absolutely love it.
I loved my Rebel and got many great compliments on it from men and women; from Harley riders as well as *** bike riders. Now I love my V Star - but you will run into people who hate whatever it is that you have.
Just get what you love. Harleys definitely have the status but when I was learning, I couldn't bear the thought of dropping $20K plus and ruining it. I ended up not dropping it anyway but you never know ! 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post dingram1 Lv
5 1 decade ago Depends on what the rider wants. I found the Shadow Aero was a good fit in comfort right off the showroom floor. I have since been around to many dealers but can't find what I need (on the floor) with handlebars. I have a problem with my right wrist that makes it hard to hold my hand in certain positions. Harley has so many options in bars and other things that I may just buy a Harley in a couple of years. Just find what fits and buy it. This question is a volatile subject though so be ready for the onslaught! Source(s):
Long time on Yahoo answers! 0 6 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in valiente Lv
4 4 years ago Dude ,this is the lamest element I ever study at right here ,i appeared at your different questions on your sluggish highway king and the place to park your trailer at Sturgis so so which you may experience in , Are you for actual are is that this a made up comedian tale ,to procure 2000 money worth of leather-based so which you would be able to look the area and act like a biker , I rode my eastern bike from Florida to the black hills and waved at each bike on the city and had no worry of keeping up with sluggish highway Kings , i'm hoping your kidding in this question reason a actual biker could pull beside of a wannabe and smack some experience into ya , So pass placed your Harley on your trailer with all your clothing tied to it and stress around the block some cases ...seems i'm continuously seeing a Harley on a trailer you adult males ever experience the dam element greater desirable than your community bar ? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post aaron b Lv
6 1 decade ago I ride a 1984 Honda Magna V30 with about 26,000 miles on it.
It doesn't often need anything, but when it does the parts are cheap (when available) and I can do all the work myself.
The Harley will not have an issue with getting parts when needed, and has a ton of aftermarket stuff to make it look amazing.
I have seen things go wrong with both types.
Maintainance on both can be simple if done on time.
You really can't go wrong with either choice.
The only reason I have a hard time finding parts is the age of my ride.
Cost will be more for a Harley for parts, but that goes with a ride that is sharp to look at. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Cardaba Lv
4 1 decade ago You are opening a can of worms with this question. Most honest people will tell you that a Japanese bike is your best bet for cost, low-mainenence, and dependability. Harley's are more a lifestyle choice and definitely more expensive. It depends on what's more important to you, your criteria listed, or riding with the in crowd. 0 6 0 Login to reply the answers Post irk.some1 Lv
4 1 decade ago British motorcycles have SOUL. http://www.triumphmotorcycles.com/usa/default.aspx My '98 Speed Triple has broken down once; $45 for 3 relays and I was back on the road. In 35 years of riding, it's the sweetest bike I've ever owned. And in a lot full of rice and road pigs, I can find it in an instant. That's MY plug. The truth is, except for those odd Chinese bikes and a Ural, there isn't a bad bike on the road. Buy what suits you. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post ninebadthings Lv
7 1 decade ago The japanese bikes are always the better bike mechanically and dollar for dollar, but if you are looking at cruisers, the only reason to buy a Cruiser is for posing and the harley is the bike with the name that other posers respect.
A japanese Cruiser may be faster, cheaper, more dependabe, more agile but it will get you zero respect from the harley crowd.
If you wanna be a rebel you could get a Victory, a superior cruiser and Americann but will still earn you some disrespect from the harley posers. 0 0 4 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Hey, if you can afford it, there are some pretty cool Harleys out there.
But if depedibility, maintenance, and cost are huge factors in what you purchase, go Japanese! 0 4 2 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (8) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you shift gears depending on the sound of the engine or your speed? ? 16 answers Can you ride a motorbike in a bicycle lane? 15 answers Why am I sexually attracted to motorcycle helmets? 4 answers When you shift on a motorcycle do you let go off the throttle as your shifting or it doesn’t matter? 10 answers Would you ride a 49cc scooter from  Kentucky to Florida ? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions should I sell my motorcycle ? I need tips and tricks on how to not stall a dirt bike. ? Do you shift gears depending on the sound of the engine or your speed? ? Can you skip gears on a dirt bike? Would you ride a 49cc scooter from  Kentucky to Florida ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites