Is a driver's license a pre-requisite to getting a forklift ticket ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Big Spider on Your Pillow Lv
7 Big Spider on Your Pillow
asked in
Cars & Transportation Safety
·
1 decade ago Is a driver's license a pre-requisite to getting a forklift ticket ? An employee at our company cycles to work and has recently filled a vacancy where forklift driving is needed. They are willing to take the forklift training tomorrow, but the question came up as to whether a driver's licence was needed, which they haven't got yet. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance thud.fan Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer A forklift is a 'special purpose' (material handling) vehicle...As such, it is not allowed to travel under its own power on public roads or on public parking lots...A state driver's license is not required by the state to operate a forklift, however, the owner of the forklift may require any operator to have a driver's license...Any forklift operator should have specialized training, which should be provided by the owner, employer or a dealer. Source(s):
former driver's license examiner. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago You are required to have a standard state driver's license as well as on the job operator training to drive a forklift.
In addition, OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Administration) also requires that each forklift operator undergo Forklift Safety training. This training insures that each operator can drive a forklift in a safe manner that will not endanger co-workers or company property.
OSHA will conduct surprise inspections from time to time and fines can range up to $7000.00 for non-compliance Source(s):
923 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Miagi99 Lv
6 1 decade ago No, but you do have to be over 18 years of age to operate one. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions After a green light, should you always wait 3 seconds? 39 answers Do you think beards are a health and safety risk? In this age of coronvirus, should beard lengths be regulated by law? 6 answers Another car had their headlights off and they were in my lane headed right at my car head on. They just missed my car. Who was at fault? 7 answers Wrong speeding code, 46.2-874 in Virginia? 4 answers I rode over my safety glasses with my lawn mower could i have damaged the blade? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Where do I park? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites