how stem engine changed society in the eighteen century? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products m3320230 m3320230
asked in
Cars & Transportation Maintenance & Repairs
·
1 decade ago how stem engine changed society in the eighteen century? how stem engine changed society in the eighteen century? Update : correction...steam Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance truckin727 1 decade ago Favorite Answer it gave us the railroad!!
probably the biggest thing to happen to cross country transportation.
That enabled people to cross the country in a couple weeks instead of a couple months. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ssg/emt Lv
6 1 decade ago It allowed the construction of large factories and mills, and the long distance shipment of materiel to those plants.
By doing so, it changed society from mostly agrarian to industrial, and caused the rapid growth of cities and the rise of slums.
It allowed mines to be cleared of water easier. In Victorian times, it allowed people fast transport to recreational areas and gave rise to the idea of leisure time. So it was basically the first step toward our modern world. BTW, although the steam engine was first practically developed in the 18th century, it was mostly used for pumping mines until the last few decades of that century. Most of the change brought about by the steam engine occured in the 19th century, 1825 for the "locomotion No 1" which hauled some of the first trains in England. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Nigel M Lv
6 1 decade ago it did not, there is no such thing as a stem engine, so it could not have changed society. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do I have a bad battery or bad alternator? 15 answers Hello car mechanics, is there a difference between mobil 1 full synthetic vs other full synthetic oil brands? 8 answers Can I resell my car for more than I paid? 17 answers I have a 09 civic, the AC won't start at all, and no air is flowing what can be wrong? ? 10 answers 2020 Civic or 2020 Jetta which is more reliable? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How do you bench test a 2003 Mazda MPV LX speedometer cluster (on a 12 volt dc adapter)? How much alignment and oil change for Kia Soul at JT Kia? Did i do that? my cordless impact gun has 3 power settings now one lug bolt is stripped on a bmw.? Why would an alternator fail after such low usage? Hello car mechanics, is there a difference between mobil 1 full synthetic vs other full synthetic oil brands? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites