What is the approximate yearly insurance cost on a 1995 nissan skyline Gts for a 17 year old guy? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Cars & Transportation Car Makes Nissan
·
9 years ago What is the approximate yearly insurance cost on a 1995 nissan skyline Gts for a 17 year old guy? Now i already know its impractical to own this vehicle at my age but its my dream car and i can afford to buy it, but id like to know if i can afford the insurance too... I'd appreciate it if you could leave a estimate on a yearly cost. I'd appreciate if you didn't say things like " Too much "
or
" You're too young "... Thank you very much :) Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance tricky Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer A Skyline is impractical at any age but its great fun and gives you a smile everytime you look at one and drive one so well worth it,after all i get about 14mpg out of my turbo version in a country where fuel cost are high,but the wife and i cant seem to part with our Skylines. My friend has just brought an R33 gts RB20e insurance cost is around £8000 in my country i think that is fully comp also.So i guess alot would depend to you on which model of GTS RB20e RB20DE RB25DE would alter the price and with mods which are added to that vehicle. Single turbo version my other friend did his insurance on my GTS25T for a laugh he had been driving for 4 years and was 21 third party fire and theft came to £12000. For me i am older and the cost of my insurance is not so bad although on my other Skyline and other sporty cars over the years has cost me a fortune,but all have been worth it,even more so if you enjoy driving and enjoy cars.These are really great cars and was my dream when i saw the R32 when it came out ,good luck with your Skyline and you will def enjoy it make sure you buy a good example there are plenty out there just sometimes idiots have owned and spoilt a small few. Source(s):
R32 R33 Spec/series 2 Skyline Owner for many years. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Lynn Lv
6 4 years ago I would recommend one to visit this website where
you
can get
quotes
from
the best companies:
http://insurecheap.us/index.html?src=2YAoto5deeE5c RE :What is the approximate yearly insurance cost on a 1995 nissan skyline Gts for a 17 year old guy? Now i already know its impractical to own this vehicle at my age but its my dream car and i can afford to buy it, but id like to know if i can afford the insurance too... I'd appreciate it if you could leave a estimate on a yearly cost. I'd appreciate if you didn't say things like " Too much " or " You're too young "... Thank you very much :) Follow 3 answers 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post John Paul Lv
7 9 years ago I am sorry do you have any idea how rare that car is? There were so few made in the first place and many are rusted or crashed. At over 16 years old the car will need serious restoration. Parts for a Skyline will be almost impossible to find in the USA. Source(s):
Nissan Master Tech 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post GuyOnEarth Lv
7 9 years ago The Skyline was never imported here, and with the exception of the few cars imported by Motorex while they were in business, all these cars are ILLEGAL under Federal law, regardless of how they have been imported, by whom, or whether they have a title or not. Owners of these cars risk having them seized as illegal grey market imports. It would be hard to get one insured at all, since it could only have a "kit car" VIN. ... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Yovonnda Lv
6 3 years ago I would recommend that you visit this web page where onel can compare quotes from the best companies:
http://QUOTESDEAL.NET/index.html?src=5YAGFFICIeIa1 RE :What is the approximate yearly insurance cost on a 1995 nissan skyline Gts for a 17 year old guy? Now i already know its impractical to own this vehicle at my age but its my dream car and i can afford to buy it, but id like to know if i can afford the insurance too... I'd appreciate it if you could leave a estimate on a yearly cost. I'd appreciate if you didn't say things like " Too much " or " You're too young "... Thank you very much :) Follow 4 answers Source(s):
I would recommend that you visit this web page where onel can compare quotes from the best companies:
http://QUOTESDEAL.NET/index.html?src=5YAGFFICIeIa1 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions donde esta? 7 answers My 1998 Nissan sentra keeps discharging. Changed three new batteries, the alternator is good. What could it be ? 6 answers Transmission dipstick? 5 answers Why won’t my charger port in my car work? ? 5 answers Anyone on here currently or has had covid 19?  Tell us your story. ? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How many gallons of coolant does a 2015 Nissan Altima need after drain? donde esta? Is there any best forums for multimedia editors? Have a Nissan 2016 pathfinder that won’t turn on anymore I think because of rain, help? budget 350z drift build . ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites