Nissan skyline driving tips? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Jordon Drefko Jordon Drefko
asked in
Cars & Transportation Car Makes Other - Car Makes
·
10 years ago Nissan skyline driving tips? So im thinking of buying a Nissan skyline and I was wondering how hard it was to learn to drive on the right side and if you have any hints or tips they would be well appreciated Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance tricky Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer You will really enjoy your car,i have owned 2 Skylines so far and selling the one i have had now for many years to buy another Skyline model. Over the years i have owned many sporty cars from around the World and i help out at a import garage where they get sporty cars in regular so i get to drive a huge mix of vehicles,but i can say driving a Skyline is great fun no matter which model or gen it is,infact the days i do not drive it i miss it and i will often find reasons to take the car out. Anyway where i live the car is made for the roads being the same as our cars RHD although i do drive in Europe and then iam on the other side of the road,and to be honest i settle in no problems overtaking i drive close the kerb so i can see whats coming to me that way as being sat on the kerb side i can get really close to it,joining a major road i angle my mirrors right out so i can see a greater angle and even to be honest even looking that direction is not hard,i prob have made this sound hard but within no time at all iam settled in and no not really notice the difference. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dan 10 years ago Skylines aren't legal in this country. Goodluck getting it registered as they aren't legal. It isn't hard to drive on the right side, but it is very dangerous in left side drive countries. A simple left hand turn is completely blind. And if you crash the car your insurance will likely not cover you for anything. You cannot get insurance for a car that isn't street legal. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post fonsecca Lv
4 4 years ago in case you advise the R32-34s i'd say you're attempting to be disappointed. apartment automobiles are not commonly changed and a inventory Skyline GT-R is barely approximately as reliable as a Subaru WRX STI, Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution or Mitsubishi 3000GT VR4. all of them are all wheel rigidity and characteristic 320hp or much less. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 10 years ago sounds to me youve been watching to much fast and furious 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I asked a question about my 08 Kia spectra and im waiting for an answer? 6 answers What is a Rolls Royce? 5 answers What is the best Japanese car company? 10 answers How many Rolls-Royce's do you own? 6 answers what does insurcuttion mean? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How many Rolls-Royce's do you own? I asked a question about my 08 Kia spectra and im waiting for an answer? Did Enzo Ferrari ever own an E type jaguar, after supposedly saying it was the most beautiful car ever made?.? what does insurcuttion mean? Do they still make Mitsubishi in the U.S.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites