I want a skyline but can't figure out which is best? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Cars & Transportation Car Makes Nissan
·
1 decade ago I want a skyline but can't figure out which is best? ok so i am a hardcore skyline fan and cant afford a r34 and a r33 gtr is to expensive so how much would a r32 GTR cost and is there much difference im looking for the cheapest model and what are all the differences thanks Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance tricky Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Each skyline has a lot to offer the R32 is a great car light weight and very nippy the GTS-T models are great rwd fun with a decent 2.0l single turbo engine which can be tuned and handles well to power and the car it still a great car even with its age,non turbo models are also available late na models had the 2.5l engines.The R32 is a very roomy car with a huge trunk space and roomy for front and rear passengers,the GTS-T models is also a 5 seater and offers a 4 door version also. Overall great cars the GTR model is the ultimate but lesser models are still great cars and still give you a huge smaile on your face when driving one. The R33 is a great version of the skyline also non owners say this car was a bad model well it isnt it is just different than the R32 it is heavier than the R32 and feels it but at the same time the power seems more hardcore and comes to life on the striaght,not that this car cannot go sideways but it does not feel as nippy as the R32 but the R32 does not feel as fast as the R33 so tit for tat. Room wise the R33 is bigger than the r32 less trunk space but the car itself is bigger and is bigger on the inside.
These cars also come as 2non turbo versions and a single turbo version which is the most popular version in the World due to lower cost to buy than the GTR model many owners own the single turbo version it offers great tuning options and with it being so popular there are plenty of tuning parts out there and bodykits to alter its looks. The rb25det is a great strong engine and a great tuners choice,there is a spec 1 R33 GTS-T in my town running at 750bhp and the owner is still after more power. Again the GTR is the ultimate version of these cars and offers again the RB26 engine and again can see super power and with the R32 and the R34 comes as awd.
The spec 2 R33 is a mix of the r32 r33 spec 1 and spec 1'5 and a direction to the R34 a different turbo and a slightly different shape is a few alterations to the spec 1 R33. The R34 is a great car a mix of the R32 and the R34 it has the nippy feel of the R34 and its light weight feel mixed with the room and hardcore power of the R33 and offers a more economical engine and
a stronger turbo.Again a mix of non turbo and single turbo to twin turbo versions with this time a more bhp rb25det engine and the gtt version being really close to the GTR in many many ways. Which model is best they all are each has offered a great input into the skyline world and are truly all great cars,each will give you a smile and be head turning cars.Just tonight i had someone taking photo's of my car.All have a great feel and offer great fun. Source(s):
R32 R33 Spec 2 Skyline Owner,member of skyline clubs and meets. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post John 1 decade ago You can get a 32 for a decent price especially if you buy one import. Ive got an r33 and i love it (although it is an expensive car especially the insurance). The R32 is a great car and although the lesser models look great and they preform well none compare to the gtr's. But if you are going to buy one be prepared for a costly time although i think its totally worth it you may not hope this helps. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Joanna C 1 decade ago R34 GTR V SPEC IS MY CHOICE :-) YOU CAN GET A LESSER MODEL THAT IS GTS THESE RUN A 2.5LTR ENGINE WITH A SINGLE TURBO THIS IS CHEAPER, THIS IS A R33 SHAPE. THE R34 THEY DO A GTT MODEL ITS A 2.5LTR SINGLE TURBO ... ALL GTR'S 32 33 34 RUN A 2.6 TWIN TURBO ENGINE THE ENGINE CODE IS RB26DETT FOR ALL
3 MODELS! Source(s):
I AM ALSO A SKYLINE FAN.... JUST CANT AFFORD ONE LOL 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago r34 gtr all the way man (i love skylines) 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions donde esta? 7 answers My 1998 Nissan sentra keeps discharging. Changed three new batteries, the alternator is good. What could it be ? 6 answers Transmission dipstick? 5 answers Why won’t my charger port in my car work? ? 5 answers Anyone on here currently or has had covid 19?  Tell us your story. ? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Have a Nissan 2016 pathfinder that won’t turn on anymore I think because of rain, help? basic drift set up? ? What does the # 10 mean on the head of a small hex head flange screw ? Is 171k miles on a 2009 Nissan Altima still good and reliable ? ? donde esta? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites