Toyota Supra or Nissan Skyline? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products breanneholmes breanneholmes
asked in
Cars & Transportation Car Makes Nissan
·
1 decade ago Toyota Supra or Nissan Skyline? I'm having a little bit of trouble figuring out which car i should buy... the supra is my absolute favourite car especially the 93 and up cars but there pretty expensive but the skyline is much cheaper and just as sick of a car... so i was wondering if anyone knew what would probably be a better choice.. just say i wanted a supra 93 2jz engine,turbo or an r32 gtr type of deal... don't get to worked up about the information just your general opinion on which is a better car to choose.... thanks for helping me out :) Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance tricky Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Nice to see some good answers and fair answers also,after all the supra tt and the Skyline tt where made to compete against each other,to which they do well in fact that well you have proven this with your answer,and myself another prime example,iam a huge skyline fan and have been since i first saw a pic of the then coming out R32 model,but i loved the MK3 Supra models also and when the mk4 supra came out i feel in love even more. My wife is a huge MK4 Supra fan and wanted one but by now we had kids as this is an issue due to the lack of room in the rear and no trunk space,so it was a no but at last i was in a situation to get a Skyline and an R32 Which has plenty of rear leg room and trunk space you could sleep in.The R32 was such a good car we have since got the R33 spec 2 Skyline and going for an R34 at next swap.Supra wise my friend has one infact his second MK4 so i get to drive that. This is the same with many people infact most owners of each swap between them,and in my country we have Supra/Skyline days due to this bond. The cars both are great cars and tit for tat on power both come detuned and both have a true running power of around 600bhp with stock internals and both will see well over 1000bhp being detuned from the factory makes these tuner cars with a mass of power to be easily released . Any deciding factors would be the room wise,as it depends on your lifestyle now and later,as grandmas will not fit in the back of the Supra,
Also the Skyline TT version has an AWD attessa and hicas setup,but all this depends on your needs. Tuning and parts there are a mass of sites and parts out there as well as Nissan and Toyota stock parts for these cars even the older models.R32 wise the 240sx s13 also shares some parts. Get which one suits you and do not overlook the automatic supra many tuners say they have gotten more power out of the auto and it is fun to drive with instant rapid power and more of a hold on and go experience,also the automatic was given the higher spec at the factory also,and def not boring.
So there is no which one is better and any answer would be again tit for tat. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8vAxzLApPs Great vid of Skyline Supra drivers comparing each others car. Great R32 Vid. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1cDRbLk9HM Source(s):
Recent pic of my R33 and mates MK4 Supra.
http://i839.photobucket.com/albums/zz314/adtricky/...
and his first MK4.
http://i839.photobucket.com/albums/zz314/adtricky/... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post hondab16tuner Lv
6 1 decade ago what part of the world are you from? the Skylines are about twice as expensive as the Supra's. A 94-95 Supra turbo unmodified can be found for $20,000 and 95-99 Skyline in good shape will be $40,000+ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post jaavila388 Lv
4 1 decade ago if you like the Supra id go with it. Its really great if its Twin Turboed, the skyline is also great but get the car you want badly if you have a possiblity of getting it. Either or youd be making a great choice 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Skyline all day long. AWD vs RWD. Both motors can be heavily modified. Watch youtube videos of the two cars. You will see which one is better. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Leon 1 decade ago nissan skyline gtr R32-R34 , supras r great but skylines r better 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Get the Nissan Skyline for sure ;) You won't have as many problems with the Nissan as you would the Toyota. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Get the Skyline. AWD is the ****. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post lino 1 decade ago God Dammit. Your rich or what? lol Well it is a hard choice. Those two cars are both my favorites! lol.
Watch this video. Probably it will answer your question. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VK0uyCnY3m8 Skyline 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions donde esta? 7 answers My 1998 Nissan sentra keeps discharging. Changed three new batteries, the alternator is good. What could it be ? 6 answers Transmission dipstick? 5 answers Why won’t my charger port in my car work? ? 5 answers Anyone on here currently or has had covid 19?  Tell us your story. ? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What does the # 10 mean on the head of a small hex head flange screw ? 2014 Nissan Altima, where is the vent control valve, Charcoal Canister located? I'm having a hard time trying to find it? Have a Nissan 2016 pathfinder that won’t turn on anymore I think because of rain, help? Which country Nissan sells new Micra (Mk5) and the new Kicks together? budget 350z drift build . ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites