g1 exit test....new instructor? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products LG32 LG32
asked in
Cars & Transportation Other - Cars & Transportation
·
1 decade ago g1 exit test....new instructor? I did some lessons with an instructor whose car I found really uncomfortable plus he only ever had me driving in a certain area never practiced the route at downsview.
I ended up failing my first try at downsview.
My licence is expiring and I have a shot at doing it again in 10 days at port union.
Does it make sense to book at port union (downsview isn't available for another month) and does it make sense to change instructors at this point? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer If changing instructors will help you pass your G1 exit, I would highly suggest it.
It's hard to learn if you are uncomfortable.
Your instructor is not allowed to take you on the route as there is a by-law that prohibits that from happening.
The ministry needs everyone to drive and show skill, not knowledge of the routes and its hazards. You've had 5 years to pass your G1...practise the right stuff and if you think you're ready, book at Port Union Good Luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does not having a driver’s license make me stupid? 5 answers What's the fastest you driven? 7 answers Boat vs Motorhome? 12 answers Which of the following is legally defined as a motor vehicle? 5 answers Rolls Royce Cullinan is 85" wide, do you think this is too much? Does anyone even drive this car? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do I feel powerful and feel pleasure when riding the bus? Dollar rental car seems easiest to deal with with debit cards? Who would win this race between a VW and a Mercedes? Does not having a driver’s license make me stupid? In Calgary, Alberta, do you happen to know of an economical installer of LED lights for your vehicle? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites