i'm interested in feed back on the 08 mazda tribute? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Eric C Eric C
asked in
Cars & Transportation Car Makes Mazda
·
1 decade ago i'm interested in feed back on the 08 mazda tribute? thinkin of buying or leasing a 08 mazda tribute hoping to hear of 1st hand experience
good or bad Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance MazdaMatt Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The Tribute is a great vehicle to buy or lease.
A lease will get you a very nice payment versus the purchase payment.
My wife just leased a 08 Tribute i Touring FWD.
She absolutely loves the vehicle.
I have driven them myself since I sell Mazda's, and they really are a great value.
Everything is standard on the Tribute as far as safety features, fog lights, and power options.
I would recommend getting the i class in either a Touring or Grand Touring.
The difference from the Touring to GT is a Moon Roof, and Heated Leather Seats, and the in dash 6 CD changer. Source(s):
Mazda Sales 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago unless you like the ford escape...... ford makes mazda tribute but engines...... if it 2.4L is mazda engine if it bigger like v6 3.0L is ford made so the decition is up to you after all is a good car Source(s):
i hurt feelings for telling
the true 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it safe to mix premium gas with regular? ? 14 answers Car question? 4 answers My son just bought a Mazda. The floor is much lower than the part, (threshold?) I have to step over in order to get in. Why? 5 answers Why does Actual Llewelyn block people who can present an argument he cannot dispute? 6 answers What are some good mods to improve handling on a 2005 mazda tribute? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions 2009 Mazda rx8 bose? how to swap an rx8 gear box to rx7/? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites