Trading my Truck for a Skyline? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Cars & Transportation Buying & Selling
·
1 decade ago Trading my Truck for a Skyline? Hi there currently i have a 2008 Ford Ranger FEL (base model) But im considering a trade for a 1989 Nissan Skyline. The ranger is only worth about 11,500 in mint condition(Which it is not, thanks to my puppy) anyways I live in British Columbia and have heard rumors about RHD (Right Hand Drive) becoming illegal. Is this true? Do you think that its worth it for me. I love skylines always have this one is in excellent condition. He originally had it up for 8G but now he is willing to trade. Just need some advice. Not sure if im going to make the right decision on my own. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance tricky Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Which Skyline are you looking at getting 89 i guess its a R32 although it could be a late R31,the R32 is a great car and def well worth owning mine was a pleasure to drive and offered me a smile everytime i drove it,there are a ton of mods out there for those cars for all there engines ,so i would def get one and before they become to old and rare to ever own,and selling it would not be a prob also when that time comes. So i would def get the Skyline or you will def be missing out. Source(s):
Skyline owner twice. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post JonEffinDan 1 decade ago DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im a ford buy but id take a skyline over a ranger anyday. as long as its in decent condition. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Could I use this trick to get a free car one day? 14 answers Is it worth buying a 2010 car in 2020? 7 answers Is Tesla killing the auto industry ? 22 answers How do guys feel about Camper vans? 5 answers Taking over someones car lease? Thoughts? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it worth buying a 2010 car in 2020? My girl is turning on me my best friend ia turning on me all my family ia dead...alone and lost is it worth it to continue now? Ally Financial payment reallocations? Should I buy my new car now or wait six months? Taking over someones car lease? Thoughts? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites