Would a tandem seat turboprop air force trainer make for a suitable private aircraft? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products 0NE TRlCK P0NY Lv
7 0NE TRlCK P0NY
asked in
Cars & Transportation Aircraft
·
4 years ago Would a tandem seat turboprop air force trainer make for a suitable private aircraft? JUST CURIOUS, is all. Update : ,,,,,,,,,,,, and why is YAHOO saying this question cannot be posted at this time when it is clearly posted already? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Steve Bowlin 4 years ago Favorite Answer yes it would be an amazing, very aerodynamic and fun -to- fly plane... however, it will not be a very practical plane and it is very expensive for a two seat plane. The T-6 Texan 2 is 5 million dollars and the Pilatus PC-21 is 9 million dollars. That is like 7-12 times more expensive than regular cessna planes. With 5-9 million dollars people can usually buy a big 7-8 seat business plane. Why would people waste 5-9 million dollars on a two seat tandem plane? They won't sell lots of them. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Its suitability is probably determined by the role you have for it. If you have the money and means to support and maintain it, it would be an interesting thing to own and if the manufacturers would sell you one, which they might not, it would be fun to fly. As an aircraft for going somewhere in, probably not the most practical of aircraft, nor the most comfortable or easiest to fly, they are, after all, designed to transition pilots into far more complex aircraft. There are also cheaper solutions if you want something of that configuration and performance. The L39 Albatross comes to mind and there is far more civil technical support for that aircraft than there would be for a current military type. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Skipper 747 Lv
7 4 years ago Why mentioning "tandem seating" - and "turboprop"...? Military trainers, even pilots seating side by side regardless of powerplant are NOT comfortable - In the Air Force, I first flew a Beechcraft T-34 Mentor - essentially a Beechcraft "Bonanza" - It was NOT a comfortable airplane for long flights - The cabin of a typical private airplane such as a Cessna 172 is by far more comfortable - Source(s):
I presently fly L-21 airplanes commercially (banner and glider towing) - Tandem seating -
Typical military light liaison and observation airplanes - Not comfortable at all -
My wife refuses to be passenger when I go for few days to other location - 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post JetDoc Lv
7 4 years ago Yes, IF you could afford to fly and maintain it.
The military MAY have some justification for using such an expensive aircraft for training, but a two-seat turboprop aircraft would cost WAY beyond what the average private pilot can afford. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Piero Lv
7 4 years ago Watched a T34C with civil N # and custom paint doing touch and goes at my local airport today. I've seen 4 of them parked together outside the airport restaurant. Somebody thinks they make "suitable" private aircraft! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Warbird Pilot Lv
7 4 years ago Plenty of piston powered ones (T6, T28, T34) did. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions If the USAF retires 19 B-52 bombers, could Boeing consider combining two B-52 airframes to a 370 foot wing to create a giant cargo plane? 7 answers if an aircraft does not takeoff under its ownpower is it an airplane? 5 answers What did flight engineers do after their jobs were replaced by computers? 5 answers What do pilots do for a living now many of them are grounded? 4 answers do commercial shippers (FedEx, UPS, DHL) have planes that use all airports in the US or just a few?  ? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are the best pilot schools in Florida? What do members here consider a decent back country aeroplane for operation in the mountains of Western CANADA on unprepared landing areas? if an aircraft does not takeoff under its ownpower is it an airplane? How long does it take to become a pilot? What is the range extender used for? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites