Why do they call Harley Davidson motorcycles Hogs? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Cars & Transportation Motorcycles
·
1 decade ago Why do they call Harley Davidson motorcycles Hogs? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance ? Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Origin of "Hog" nickname Beginning in 1920, a team of farm boys, including Ray Weishaar, who became known as the "hog boys," consistently won races. The group had a hog, or pig as their mascot. Following a win, they would put the pig (a real one) on their Harley and take a victory lap.[104] In 1983, the Motor Company formed a club for owners of its product taking advantage of the long-standing nickname by turning "hog" into the acronym HOG., for Harley Owners Group. Harley-Davidson attempted to trademark "hog", but lost a case against an independent Harley-Davidson specialist, The Hog Farm of West Seneca, NY,[105] in 1999 when the appellate panel ruled that "hog" had become a generic term for large motorcycles and was therefore unprotectable as a trademark.[106] On August 15, 2006, Harley-Davidson Inc. had its NYSE ticker symbol changed from HDI to HOG.[107] Source(s):
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harley-Davidson#Origi... 0 6 1 Login to reply the answers Post Keira 4 years ago With penny stocks you can make 30 percent or 40 percent profit in a few days. Learn here
https://tr.im/YfuuI The best strategy, if you do have experience type of return on a penny stock, is to sell the stock quickly.
Of course, it’s easier said than done. The natural thing to want when you see an increase in stock price is to hold the stock and hope for an even larger increase. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post vernell Lv
4 4 years ago Mike & Chop are perfect on the right music.... bullseye. Google Chris Carr and Scott Parker, Andrew Hines & Jared Mees. All Harley,... all champions.. THE DOMINANCE keeps. humorous; i've got on no account seen a Vmax win. ever. Yamaha does not container a drag team and can not compete in flat music.... why? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Candid Chris Lv
7 1 decade ago Patrick's story is the correct one, but I think the mascot was not the reason. Those farm boys were sloppy eaters and their wives were fat, slutty biker chicks. =) LOL 0 3 3 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in ninebadthings Lv
7 1 decade ago Because the are overweight and slow. 0 4 2 Login to reply the answers Post Bob A Lv
7 1 decade ago Because they were made of pig iron 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post ahedou2 Lv
4 1 decade ago Because you find HD's in the mud, after their owners got sick of their bikes breaking down. Source(s):
HD owner for over 20 years. 0 3 6 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you shift gears depending on the sound of the engine or your speed? ? 16 answers Can you ride a motorbike in a bicycle lane? 15 answers Why am I sexually attracted to motorcycle helmets? 4 answers When you shift on a motorcycle do you let go off the throttle as your shifting or it doesn’t matter? 10 answers Would you ride a 49cc scooter from  Kentucky to Florida ? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Would you drive a 49cc scooter from  Kentucky to  Alabama ? Do cops enforce moped laws in Michigan? Would you ride a 49cc scooter from  Kentucky to Florida ? Why am I sexually attracted to motorcycle helmets? Is engine braking bad for a dirt bike? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites