Is the dust from forklift tires toxic? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Don't know Don't know
asked in
Cars & Transportation Safety
·
7 years ago Is the dust from forklift tires toxic? I work in a warehouse with many forklifts driving around. After my shift each night I am covered in Black Dust. Ive only been there a couple of weeks and I have just noticed that when i clear my throat or do that gross sounding hork to get all the flem out of my chest and throat its all black. Is this dangerous? Is the material I am inhaling toxic? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance jimanddottaylor Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer That is a lot of forklift tire dust !!
Even if it is not toxic ( and it may be) to inhale that much dust is bad
Wear a mask. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Spunk Lv
6 7 years ago Yes - it is carcinogenic. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions After a green light, should you always wait 3 seconds? 39 answers Do you think beards are a health and safety risk? In this age of coronvirus, should beard lengths be regulated by law? 6 answers Another car had their headlights off and they were in my lane headed right at my car head on. They just missed my car. Who was at fault? 7 answers Wrong speeding code, 46.2-874 in Virginia? 4 answers I rode over my safety glasses with my lawn mower could i have damaged the blade? 13 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Where do I park? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites