People bad mouthing the R34 skyline? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Bob Bob
asked in
Cars & Transportation Car Makes Nissan
·
7 years ago People bad mouthing the R34 skyline? I need a good knowledgable response to some noobs saying the r34 isn't a good car and that it's a "gay import" and it should get "muscle" Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance tricky Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer When i brought
my first Skyline most people would come and talk to me about it and say what a great car it was etc etc but a small percentage would bad mouth me and even damage and through drinks yogurts etc over the car ,this drove me mad and on a Skyline forum i wrote about my experiences .to which a person said enjoy the car after all what other car on that budget could you own which would cause up such a stir in people .and its true you only have to see FB pages and as you said people calling it to you to see this and why does a Skyline do this where many other cars do not and it it purely down to the cars being so great and with anything which is so great you are always going to get the lovers and the haters. After all the Skyline has nothing to prove it has been around since 1957 and well proven itself in Motorsports over most of those years through different types of motor events.and the R34 as with other Skylines was made well before its time and most cars now only only just catching up with what it had to offer back then.Ask them what knowledge they have of the Skyline have they been in one whats about its tuning abilities and handling abilities and what muscle car are they comparing it to does that have better handling or tuning abilities after all look at the power a Skyline produces from such small engines to the Muscle car big CC engine ,After all lets not forget Bathurst .which saw the R32 being banned from taking part due to winning every race against the V8's. Source(s):
R32 R33 spec 2 Skyline Owner. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Terrence B Lv
7 7 years ago Thumbs to Tricky. An R34 is an exceptional car. People don't like when you have something truly exceptional. It's an import that will run circles around the crappy American muscle. Ever notice they say get some muscle? That's because the only part on their pedestrian, cheaply-built crapboxes worth raving about is the "muscle." The rest of the car is mediocre at best. Not only that, the V8s really aren't that powerful compared to import V8s.
I don't get it either. the Skyline (like most imports) are designed for the engine and chassis to work in harmony with one another. The old muscle cars never could do that. the next time someone tells you get some muscle, tell them to get a real car. Real cars not only go fast in a straight line but can take corners well. Even Corvettes fail at the last part. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Brent Lv
7 7 years ago Nobody cares. They aren't available for mass sale in the North American market.
Big whoop. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions donde esta? 7 answers My 1998 Nissan sentra keeps discharging. Changed three new batteries, the alternator is good. What could it be ? 6 answers Transmission dipstick? 5 answers Why won’t my charger port in my car work? ? 5 answers Anyone on here currently or has had covid 19?  Tell us your story. ? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What does the # 10 mean on the head of a small hex head flange screw ? donde esta? budget 350z drift build . ? basic drift set up? ? Is 171k miles on a 2009 Nissan Altima still good and reliable ? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites