Whats the diffrence: Electrical Engineering Tech vs
Electronics Engineering Tech
Telecommunications Engi Tech
Instrumentation Engi Tech? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Chan Chan
asked in
Science & Mathematics Engineering
·
6 years ago Whats the diffrence: Electrical Engineering Tech vs
Electronics Engineering Tech
Telecommunications Engi Tech
Instrumentation Engi Tech? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Anonymous 6 years ago Favorite Answer Electrical Engineering Technology is generally more focused on application and implementation, while electrical engineering may place more of an emphasis on theory and conceptual design but they use the same mathematics and the same science to solve problems like a normal Electrical Engineer. Electrical Engineers is the same thing as Electrical Engineer Techs but the do less "hands on" work than a Tech does. So in conclusion, Engineers design and solve problems and techs make the design and us the scientific information to make the product. Electrical and Telecommunications Engineering Tech is exactly what it sounds like. Telecommunications is something like radio or anything with wireless signal and electrical communications like fiber optics. They tend to use more computer science than a regular Electrical Engineer/Tech. Instrumentation Engineering Techs make various things with a very good understanding of physics and thermodynamics. They make pneumatics to assist with calculations such as pressure, temperature, etc. Think of manufacturing tools when you think of instrumentation. Source(s):
Electrical Engineer M.D. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what is a building engineer? Also do you need a degree to be a building engineer? 5 answers Technical a/c transformer question? 5 answers when will r410a be replaced by something more efficient? 4 answers Question about household electricity and circuit breaker? 9 answers A 2.2k resistor is rated at '1/2 W'. What is the highest voltage you could apply to the resistor without damage to it from overheating? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I am an electronics engineer and I pay a crapload of taxes.  Should I riot because thousands of people are living off me? Eng lives matter.? AUTOCAD AND DRAFTING QUESTION Opaque lines are used? common diode list for beginners electronics? Why is it important to consider water flow patterns before constructing a mine or an oil refinery in an area? Is convection heat transfer only indirect? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites