Questions about horse and deer flies!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Armin Armin
asked in
Science & Mathematics Zoology
·
8 years ago Questions about horse and deer flies!? I was reading these books and now im reallly scared of 'em. I heard Bot Flies don't live in ontario so thats reaal nice but here are my question: -What kinds of diseases do these flies give you? -Do they hurt when they bite? and how much do they hurt? also are there any other kinds of disgusting flies that inject eggs in you (in ontario) Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Dakota1709 Lv
5 8 years ago Favorite Answer 1.Horse flies are very good vectors of
equine infectious anaemia virus.They have also been known to transmit anthrax among cattle and sheep and tularemia between rabbits and humans.. Species in the genus Chrysops are biological vectors of Loa loa, transmitting this parasitic filarial worm between humans.
However, Loa Ioa is found only in Africa and Asia. Deer flies are common vectors of the same diseases.. 2.The bite from a large specimen of horsefly is painful. Most short tongued (short proboscid) species of horse flies use their knife-like mandibles to rip and/or slice flesh apart.The bites may become itchy, sometimes causing a large swelling afterward if not treated quickly. With deerflies, their bite can be extremely painful, and allergic reaction from the saliva of the fly can result in further discomfort and health concerns. Pain and itch are the most common symptoms, but more significant allergic reactions can develop 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the highest form of animal life? 15 answers How big is the Amazon rainforest? 5 answers Do animals dance in a way comparable to how people do? Can they perceive rhythm? 4 answers What are your thoughts when you encounter wild animal in a city? 4 answers Were humans at the bottom of the food chain during the dinosaur era? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can you access the entire Amazon rainforest? How big is the Amazon rainforest? Do animals dance in a way comparable to how people do? Can they perceive rhythm? How do cats assess whether or not they are in danger? What is going on in their heads? how many babies to a litter of chipmonks? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites