Canadian Geography - Glaciers? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Geography
·
1 decade ago Canadian Geography - Glaciers? Hey everybody! I was wondering how glaciers effected Canada's topography. Like what features did the glaciers form or shape. I already know they are responsible for forming the Great Lake, St. Lawrence River plus several agricultural lands. Anybody have anything else they could add? Anything helps. Thanks alot! Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Elmyr Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The Canadian Shield is the big one. Glaciers didn't create it, but they're the reason it's exposed. I found a great source with many more details: "- glaciers removed fertile soil from the Canadian Shield exposing bedrock containing valuable minerals - rivers and lakes that resulted from glaciation act as a source of hydroelectric power - Canadian Shield with its many lakes is a tourist attraction - glacial till of S. Ontario formed a gently rolling landscape with good drainage and easily cultivated soil - till derived from limestone bedrock; therefore built in fertilizer - Great Lakes surrounded by fertile plains of clay and sandy loams - deepening of river valleys by glaciers allowed the Great Lakes to form along with the St. Lawrence seaway which is one of the most important inland waterways in the world - Prairies received valuable soil deposits carried by glaciers - alpine glaciation: - made the Rockies a big tourist attraction - transportation routes in troughs left by the ice - fiords act as sheltered harbours for boats and fish farms - in parts of Canada the depressed land continues to rise after the mass of the glaciers has been removed (i.e. isostatic rebound); around Hudson Bay this could eventually cause some rivers to switch their direction of flow from north to south - isostatic rebound has been responsible for landforms such as raised beaches; for instance, the raised beaches at L'Anse aux Meadows National Historic Site, Newfoundland." Source(s):
http://www.coolschool.ca/lor/GEO12/unit5/U05L01.ht... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post hughlon Lv
4 4 years ago There are the Athabasca oil sands in alberta that are named after the Athabasca river. The oil sands are stumbled on on the banks of the river, the river is water that melts off of the Athabasca glacier. i do no longer understand with regard to something of the oil in Alberta. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What state is the capital of the United States located in? 7 answers Are Palau, Tuvalu, Togo, Botswana, Brazil, Malawi, Eritreia, Zaire, San Marino, St Lucia, Grenada, Chad the most unknown countries on Earth? 11 answers What is the most sense populated country in the world? 4 answers  bluebonnet as an emblem of Texas? 5 answers What are the cities that can be linked with a 45 deg line on earth? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What region of the United States is Oklahoma considered to be part of? Midwest, the South or Southwest? Mymathlab question :? What do you think are the 15 nations that stand out the most nowadays (example below)? What state is the capital of the United States located in? What country has the largest Christian population in Africa? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites