Can I get a specific amount of how many 400mg advil pills is an overdose? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Katrina Katrina
asked in
Science & Mathematics Medicine
·
7 years ago Can I get a specific amount of how many 400mg advil pills is an overdose? specific please. 400mg liquid gels. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Richard Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer There is no specific amount that is an overdose -- even one tab is an overdose if you are taking it to harm yourself.
If you
mean how many does it take for an overdose to be toxic, there
is also no specific answer because everyone is different.
In mice we use the LD50 - the dose (LD = lethal dose) that kills 50% of
the mice.
It varies over a huge range and even more in humans. People who take advil in an overdose very rarely die -- you can take
a huge amount and about the most that happens is a nasty
gastritis.
It is simply a call for help.
They should make it easier on themselves and everyone else and simply ask for help for the
depression rather than being childish with a suicide gesture. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago the PDR lists the LD50 dose
. that is , the dose were 50 % of the test subjects die . renal failure has to be one of the slowest , most painful ways i can think of to kill yourself . it would take 8 to 10 days of ever increasing pain before you go into a coma , then a few more till you die .( by the third day someone would notice you turning yellow and take you to an ER anyway . then a lifetime on dialysis . ) Source(s):
hemlock society 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions If you smoke about a bowl - bowl & a 1/2 a day (marijuana), how soon should you be able to pass urine test? 6 answers ciprofloxacin? 7 answers Is it bad to take medicine at different times? 4 answers What will a blood test detect? 4 answers Can 10mg of Ativan kill you ? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Medication help, please? Does castration decreases Wnt-4 signaling? First neurologist visit? Why would Risperdal cause insomnia? ? Why do the therapeutic effects of dopamine for Parkinsons patients diminish? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites