Is it worth it to get duel ticket with electrical and instrumentation? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Birdman Birdman
asked in
Science & Mathematics Engineering
·
8 years ago Is it worth it to get duel ticket with electrical and instrumentation? I am graduated and took a year off of school I plan on attending SAIT Polytechnic in Calgary, Alberta. I'm starting to question whether that is a good way to go or if I should change my career choice. If it isn't good what are some high paying jobs in Alberta that I could go to SAIT for and if it is good what could I be making, what exactly would I be doing, and where is the best place to work? Any tips are welcome someone please helping I'm so confused right now! Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Tony RB Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer If you want a high-paying job go work for the oil business. They use an enormous amount of instrumentation in their drill exploration rigs. The problem is you will have to be on-site where the drilling is going on and you will also probably work 12-hour long shifts in a work trailer.
For some people that's too isolating a job as they are far away from the social life of most cities. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what is a building engineer? Also do you need a degree to be a building engineer? 5 answers Technical a/c transformer question? 5 answers when will r410a be replaced by something more efficient? 4 answers Question about household electricity and circuit breaker? 9 answers A 2.2k resistor is rated at '1/2 W'. What is the highest voltage you could apply to the resistor without damage to it from overheating? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions AUTOCAD AND DRAFTING QUESTION Opaque lines are used? Has diverging diamond interchanges deceased accidents or increased ? common diode list for beginners electronics? Tatuar a bunda sendo homem é viadagem? Is convection heat transfer only indirect? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites