Will killer bees reach Delaware? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Austin Austin
asked in
Science & Mathematics Zoology
·
1 decade ago Will killer bees reach Delaware? well i remember living in NC and then i heard about the killer bees, i reacted in such a way i couldnt even sleep at night (im still paranoid today) and its 3-4 years later and i moved to Delaware and i cant remember the last time i heard something about killer bees. so i looked at how they expanded in the past 50 years, (i forgot it was 50 years and i thought it was sumtin like 2000 or sumtin) and i freaked out, but anyways will they reach the peninsula, and if so how defensive will they be? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance scottiekicksass Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Killer Bee's (Africanized Honey Bees) may eventually reach Delaware, recent research has shown that they are capable of habitation in
cold climates (such as Kansas City in the winter). They are very defensive animals and when threatened they will attack in large swarms. Even though their sting is no more poisonous than a regular honey bee, the large number of stings and their relentless attacks are the cause of most deaths. This can be reduced by beekeepers who can cull the most vicious queens, thereby breeding safer and less aggressive breeds. Even if they do make it that far north, you have very little to fear. So far the furthest east they have reached in large numbers is New Orleans. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post dedum Lv
6 1 decade ago Here is the present distribution map. Projected distribution is to the southern tier states, and is limited by overwintering survival. What that is, we don't know as of yet. Here is an excellent site and a UTD distribution map: http://www.stingshield.com/all-us.htm so far you are safe. Try not to let this distrupt your day, or evenings. Hope this helps! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the highest form of animal life? 15 answers How big is the Amazon rainforest? 5 answers Do animals dance in a way comparable to how people do? Can they perceive rhythm? 4 answers What are your thoughts when you encounter wild animal in a city? 4 answers Were humans at the bottom of the food chain during the dinosaur era? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can you access the entire Amazon rainforest? How big is the Amazon rainforest? What are your thoughts when you encounter wild animal in a city? how many babies to a litter of chipmonks? Anyone know what kind if bug this is? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites