Weather forecast for September 23, 2011 on lake Erie, Harrow, Ontario , Canada? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products val val
asked in
Science & Mathematics Weather
·
9 years ago Weather forecast for September 23, 2011 on lake Erie, Harrow, Ontario , Canada? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer That is too far to forecast. Anything over 5 day forecast is less accurate. Just keep check on your local weather site for forecasts. Source(s):
Storm spotter/chaser 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post nashim Lv
4 4 years ago in protection of the changing colors of Lake Erie - Blue potential great climate - little or no wave action because of the fact it is so shallow you are able to tell the climate by the lake - Brown tells me that the botton of the lake has been shurning - hurricane is shifting in. The lake is green - waves are beginning off to %. up - do you have you existence jacket on - greater effective get to shore -(maximum in all probability a lake wind has started) once you are the fool who chosen to forget concerning the upward thrust warnings you have been given and the lake is now this ungodly crimson colour - kiss you butt stable bye! (replaced into going around the Penisula as quickly as some years in the past - all and sundry that made the turn at Bundy sea coast/ sea coast 10 you are able to for sure see the lake - all and sundry and do mean all and sundry took one seem and stepped on the gas to get off the park - because of the fact the lake being that colour meant a dosey of a hurricane replaced into coming - it started with in minutes of me "stepping on it" Can everyone else tell the climate by the Lake 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago my god.. Today just September 8 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago I've heard it reported that yes, there will be weather. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is the United States of America vulnerable to hurricanes? 6 answers Is 53.5°C hot or cold? 9 answers Which countries cold weather can cool down a hot drink outside? 4 answers Why does the Western US get less rain than the Eastern US? 5 answers Why has the weather been so rainy in the Southeast US this week? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are hurricane winds gradient  winds or downdrafts? What force wind on the Beaufort scale could do this? How is it possible for hurricanes to travel on land? is the saying "April showers bring may flowers" true? and why? Do you ever look at a cloud formations and know that it is going to be a good day? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites