can we devolve in becoming monkeys again ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Dr. Atheist .PhD Dr. Atheist .PhD
asked in
Science & Mathematics Biology
·
7 years ago can we devolve in becoming monkeys again ? so we can move back in the forest and have no more rent to pay? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance CSE Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer With directed breeding we could devolve and become so dumb that we couldn't understand our modern technology, but we would have cut down all the trees before we ever got to that point, so we'd have no forests to move back into. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Golfer Lv
7 7 years ago You can look at Harry Reid he is an ***/donkey, he monkeys around with the constitution and he act like a Parrot when talking no real though just the same old rhetoric and same old lie(s). So did Harry evolve from a Lion? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
7 7 years ago We were never monkeys to start with. Humans and apes shared a common ancestor. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Given that scientifically (see details) evolution is equivalent to the Flat earth theory, why so many people cannot let it go? 16 answers Were humans meant to eat meat? 11 answers Food, sleep and sex are common for all living creatures.Anything else common? 19 answers Could humans be surgically turned into robots in the future? 5 answers Can two gay men have kids? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions where does the process occur for mitosis and meiosis? Mitosis And Meiosis ? If you're asleep can someone inject a drug into your ovaries and damage your eggs-reproductive cells?Out of jealousy? probability and genetics question? Can you get an estimate on what age you will die from a genome sequencing test? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites