What is the requirement to get into MIT or Harvard engineering? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Engineering
·
8 years ago What is the requirement to get into MIT or Harvard engineering? what I need to get in SAT and GPA? And do I need referrences or write essay for the entrance of these university? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance ahnison 8 years ago Favorite Answer You need high SAT scores. For MIT, look to get 750-800 on the math section and close to 700 on the english sections. I'm not sure about Harvard, but they will want high scores too. Your GPA should be top notch as well, around 3.95, but let's make it easier and say 3.9 and above (unweighted). Don't get below 3.9. It won't make it impossible to gain acceptance with a 3.85, but you will be fighting an uphill battle. But the GPA and SAT, contrary to everyone's beliefs, is one of the least important things admission officers are looking for. True, you need the top GPA and SAT scores to even be considered, but a high GPA and SAT will not help you. It is required of you. A low GPA and SAT will hurt you. Top colleges look at more subjective things: what classes you take, your extracurricular activities, what you do over the summer, your teacher recs and your essays. All of these are crucial (especially your teacher recs and essay. Try to get to know your teachers personally and work hard to write a killer essay). Try to show passion in something. For MIT, they will want to generally see passion in math, science, or engineering. Try to contact a professor at a nearby college and ask him or her if he or she is willing to let you do research with him? Research is terrific. It shows passion and is impressive. People think that you should take as many extracurricular activities as possible. That is not true. Harvard and MIT will be wanting to see your dedication and commitment towards your extracurricular activities. Again, they are looking for passion.
There is a common misconception that you should be well-rounded and be good at everything. No, schools are not looking for a well-rounded student; they are looking for individuals who is really good (if not the best) at one thing so that when taken together, they have a well-rounded student body. Be spiky, not well-rounded (but that does not mean you should be bad at other things) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Fred Lv
5 8 years ago How do you get to
http://www.carnegiehall.org/?
Practice! Actually MIT has courses online you or anyone can audit or take today.
Why jump through hoops if all you want to do is learn. Source(s):
ocw.mit.edu/ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post shinglezach 8 years ago Asian 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what is a building engineer? Also do you need a degree to be a building engineer? 4 answers when will r410a be replaced by something more efficient? 4 answers Technical a/c transformer question? 4 answers Question about household electricity and circuit breaker? 9 answers A 2.2k resistor is rated at '1/2 W'. What is the highest voltage you could apply to the resistor without damage to it from overheating? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Help me to solve this problem by step .? Can you invert twin tube shocks or do they have to be vertical? As shown in photo (not sure if they are mono or twin) ? Help me to solve this problem .? Petroleum Engineering Request? What's it like to be an electrical engineer ? Is it stressful ? How difficult is it ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites