Terminal voltage, Potential drop and potential difference??? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Annie Annie
asked in
Science & Mathematics Physics
·
1 decade ago Terminal voltage, Potential drop and potential difference??? Can someone clearly explain me with eaxamples the meanings of these terms!!!!!!!!! plz........... Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Fizz_Assist Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Terminal voltage is the total energy per unit charge available from a source. You would measure this by placing a battery in a voltmeter with no other components connected. Potential drop is the voltage that is 'lost' or used up by the internal resistance of a source. If you placed the battery in the above example in a circuit (with current flowing) and measured the voltage again then it would be less.... some voltage is 'lost' Potential difference is the energy used per unit charge flowing. If a bulb was connected to the above battery then the potential difference is the voltage difference between one side of the bulb and the other. Source(s):
Physics teacher 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Robert Lv
4 5 years ago The terminal voltage is the voltage measured across the load, as opposed to the voltage measured across the source. In circuitry talking about potential and voltage is the same, and drop is allways related to a load where the differential voltage is exerted. Potential difference is the Work done to move charge from one point to other. It is also called as Voltage. https://www.electrikals.com/ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago TV : The ultimate voltage an electrical appliance can bear with... Pdrop : The drop of voltage required by an electrical device to work... Pdifference : The maximum no of electrons that can be conducted between the 2 electrodes... 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Has anyone ever noticed in Star Wars going to light speed makes you go very fast but in real life it takes light speed three minutes to mars? 11 answers When physicists use the word "force", isn't that just a slight-of-hand? 5 answers Physics questions : You drop a ball from a 100m tall building.
How long does it take to hit the ground?
What is its velocity when it hits? 6 answers how can time be the 4th dimension? 10 answers Is the universes edge truly infinite? How is that possible? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions The inside diameter of the pipe is 100 mm. the water jet has diameter 50 mm the pressure at is 500 Pa. determine the water jet's velocity. ? can someone explain to me how the 1-TL/TH got rearranged, I might be completely missing it. ? Physics - Rotational Motion? Can someone explain how they got to that last equation? Find the final temperature of the air in the tires? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites