Briefly describe the role of nasal cavity.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Biology
·
1 decade ago Briefly describe the role of nasal cavity.? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance BlaCkMoOn 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The respiratory system is made of body parts that are in charge of your breathing. It includes your nose and nasal cavity. You inhale air though your nose. As you inhale, small specks of dirt are trapped by many tiny hairs in your nose. This cleans the air. The hairs stop the dirt from going further in your body. The moist inside surface in your nose traps even smaller pieces of dirt. The nasal cavity, the air passage behind the nose, plays an important role in breathing. The nasal cavity is divided into a right and left passageway. The tissue that covers the wall of your nasal cavity contains many blood vessels. Heat from the blood in the vessels helps warm the air as you breath. Moisture is added to the air you breath by special cells in the walls of the nasal cavity. The air is warmed and moistened before it reaches your lungs.
You usually cannot see the air you breathe out. But on cold days the air you exhale is visible. This is because your breath contains water vapor, as well as carbon dioxide. As the water vapor meets cold air, it condenses and turns into tiny droplets of liquid water which look like white puffs of steam. Source(s):
http://library.thinkquest.org/5777/resp2.htm 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post kull Lv
4 4 years ago at first, there is not any Jesus in islam and Isa is easily no longer Jesus or something close to to a Jesus. fake Sheikhs have invented a faux Jesus of their fake variations of Quran and Allah is All understanding and Allah knows that Jesus isn't Isa and Allah does no longer hint, everywhere interior the Quran that Jesus and Isa are a similar. Isa does no longer translate Jesus and can't be translated Jesus in any language. Secondly, Al Dajjal does no longer translate anti-christ and is yet another of the fake sheikhs innovations at making Christianity and Islam cousins while Christianity is blasphemy and a trick in accordance to the Quran and should no longer be linked with Islam. Al Mahdi is greater guesswork by skill of the fake sheikhs and could be left on my own because of the fact there is not any prophet after Muhammad and no Muslim must be searching for a Saviour to come again returned from the skies or from some distant Planet to shop Muslims. Muslims ought to shop themselves with the Quran. Muslims should not be searching for mysteries and hidden meanings interior the Quran the place that's unlawful. Worship none yet Allah! there is not any God yet Allah! Allahuakbarr! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The nasal cavity is richly supplied with arteries, veins, and capillaries, which bring nutrients and water to its cells. The air gets heated up here, and moisture is added. The air is also filtered. I think... at least it's more short than the other one Source(s):
my biology book 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Given that scientifically (see details) evolution is equivalent to the Flat earth theory, why so many people cannot let it go? 16 answers Were humans meant to eat meat? 11 answers Food, sleep and sex are common for all living creatures.Anything else common? 19 answers Could humans be surgically turned into robots in the future? 5 answers Can two gay men have kids? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions probability and genetics question? Indicate the expected genotypic ratio and phenotypic ratio of the F1 progeny of a palomino horse with a cremello horse.? Biology question? If you're asleep can someone inject a drug into your ovaries and damage your eggs-reproductive cells?Out of jealousy? Biology help! 10 points!? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites