How did the Burgess Shale fossil bed form?!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Earth Sciences & Geology
·
10 years ago How did the Burgess Shale fossil bed form?!? The organisms that formed the fossils of the Burgess Shale were first submerged in mud about 500 million years ago. Today, the Burgess Shale is part of the Canadian Rockies. Describe how the Burgess Shale fossil bed formed, and explain how a fossil bed that was formed underwater ended up as part of a mountain slope (i don't need a really long descriptive answer. - i really need help with this question!!) Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Ronald Ingraham Lv
4 10 years ago Favorite Answer The Shale was formed by the deposition of very fine silt during the Cambrian era when oceans covered the area. The silt protected the soft
parts of the specimens, allowing them to be preserved intact. It is believed oxygen was abundant in the silt, which save the fossils from anaerobic bacteria. Source(s):
Wikipedia 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What would happen if we nuked the polar ice caps? 5 answers What would the US Government do if YellowStone SuperVolcano Erupted? ? 4 answers Hypothetical question. Imagine the Earth where life did not start. How would it be different? 6 answers is the Earth's oceans as much an uneven "surface" as the landmasses are?  ? 5 answers Would an ice sheet or a forest have a higher albedo? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are these rocks ? Is Pangaea a myth or reality and is it avoided in schools for religious reasons? What would the asking price be for a rectangle lot that measures 900 feet wide by 300 feet deep based on $30 per front foot? What would happen if we nuked the polar ice caps? What would the US Government do if YellowStone SuperVolcano Erupted? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites