In southern missouri you come across shale with mudcracks and a fossil crayfish? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Macgyver with Crosby Lv
4 Macgyver with Crosby
asked in
Science & Mathematics Earth Sciences & Geology
·
1 decade ago In southern missouri you come across shale with mudcracks and a fossil crayfish? describe the enviroment of depostion of the shale Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance carbonates Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer This sounds like a homework question, and as such is not suggesting that one debate the type of fossil or the geology of southern Missouri, but instead this is meant to help you build your understanding and geologic interpretative ability.
The mudcracks are an important clue for describing the depositional environment. Consider where you might find mudcracks today. It would have to be in an environment where a muddy deposit of sediment (and shale often describes carbonaceous or dolomitic mudstones as well as purely siliceous mudstones) has settled and where the water was intermittent. A modern crayfish lives in river banks, so the purposeful addition of a crayfish suggests this depositional environment could be an overbank or crevasse splay deposit across a natural levee along a river. A shallow, intermittent lake, a sabkha-like environment or a tidal mudflat are other possibilities. All of these environments could have mud (later shale), occasional drying events to produce mudflats, and be inhabited by crayfish or other shrimp-like creatures. Obviously the suggestion that shales are from deep ocean environments is exactly what this question is meant to make you think about, and to realize that that generalization is sometimes not true. Here's a great photo of a crevasse splay: http://faculty.gg.uwyo.edu/heller/Sed%20Strat%20Cl... Source(s):
geologist 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post TheBodyElectric 1 decade ago Are you sure they are crayfish?
Could it be ammonoid fossils?
Shale is most typically thought to be deep ocean, or at least a long way from a shoreline.
The mudcracks might suggest a still, shallow water environment, or possibly playa lake deposits. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What would happen if we nuked the polar ice caps? 5 answers What would the US Government do if YellowStone SuperVolcano Erupted? ? 4 answers Hypothetical question. Imagine the Earth where life did not start. How would it be different? 6 answers is the Earth's oceans as much an uneven "surface" as the landmasses are?  ? 5 answers Would an ice sheet or a forest have a higher albedo? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What would the asking price be for a rectangle lot that measures 900 feet wide by 300 feet deep based on $30 per front foot? Is Corona mutating weaker? Do you think that homeschooling will become permanent after this coronavirus scare is over? What would the US Government do if YellowStone SuperVolcano Erupted? ? What would happen if we nuked the polar ice caps? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites