Should I do instrumentation or electrical technology? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Carter Carter
asked in
Science & Mathematics Engineering
·
6 years ago Should I do instrumentation or electrical technology? I am upgrading in highschool right now, and I have to choose in the next week! I am planning to get a diploma at a technical institute to become a engineering technologist I cant choose between Electrical Engineering Technology, Instrumentation or Chemical? They are all engineering technology Which one should I choose?
I am most interested in Electrical, but it seems the hardest, but all of them sound great! Which one is the best when it comes to getting jobs? and pay? Any advice? I really need help Thanks Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance AshHearthrobe 6 years ago Favorite Answer I'd say Instrumentation, but if you plan to go for graduation and masters in engineering in future, then go for electrical technology. But in the end, your life you
choice. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sp33dy 6 years ago I'd say it depends where you live and where/if you plan on moving, take the most relevant field to your region so you have a better chance to get your foot in the door early. Electrical is everywhere, but no necessarily always hiring. Follow the demand if you want a job right away or follow the relevant courses if you want something bigger in the future. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what is a building engineer? Also do you need a degree to be a building engineer? 5 answers Technical a/c transformer question? 5 answers when will r410a be replaced by something more efficient? 4 answers Question about household electricity and circuit breaker? 9 answers A 2.2k resistor is rated at '1/2 W'. What is the highest voltage you could apply to the resistor without damage to it from overheating? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Chemical engineering? Why is it important to consider water flow patterns before constructing a mine or an oil refinery in an area? common diode list for beginners electronics? I am an electronics engineer and I pay a crapload of taxes.  Should I riot because thousands of people are living off me? Eng lives matter.? Has diverging diamond interchanges deceased accidents or increased ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites