Orange tents? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Agriculture
·
1 decade ago Orange tents? Saw a farm field dotted with orange tent like structures today. What is in the tents and why are they there? Update : These tents are Approx. 4' x 4' x 6' high. Update 2 : The tents are in large acreages planted with crops of some sort. Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Plant Nerdette Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer There are one of two types of research being conducted: --Entomology:
the tents are put up to keep the insects (beneficial or pests) in and around the crop. --Genetic:
if they are trying to have a large number of plants self-pollinated and they are the same variety and can be open pollinated, this method is used with a hive of bees inside the tenting. There are a lot of these in the field next to my home, as the area is the research plots for the local landgrant school. Source(s):
I'm a botanist and used to do my graduate work in tents like these. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post john h Lv
7 1 decade ago Did you see any animals in the field? It sounds a little like some hog houses you see around here in pastures. They are made out of wood, but resemble tent like structures. Have seen some painted barn red, but no orange ones. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago If the field is in fact planted they could be test spots.
Pesticide, fertilizer and grain distributors will often have test areas to see how well their product performs in "the real world."
If that's the case you should see a small sign somewhere near the road with numbers and/or a brand name on it for other farms to recognize.
Wouldn't really be noticeable (about the size of a yard sale or for rent sign) to others not paying attention. 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Jean Lv
4 4 years ago Were you blonde originally? If so it's really difficult to take hair back to blonde when a dark colour has been used. I would suggest you see the hairdresser before you damage your hair. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why don't farmers donate the crops they destroy and animals in this Coronavirus crisis? 12 answers Hey im having some back problems? 6 answers Is the word 'hog' a jargon in agriculture? 5 answers Who harvests for a farmer? 4 answers Do you think the world be a better place if we didn’t farm animals? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions possible cis and trans isomers of CH3CH2CHCHCH(CH3)2 ? How does agriculture affect the environment? Even if I want to develop a small local organic farm am I required to follow these steps:? What is the scientific basis of hydroponic? What's the difference between wheatgrass and catgrass? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites