Distinguish between parenchyma, collenchyma, and sclerenchyma cells.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? ?
asked in
Science & Mathematics Botany
·
1 decade ago Distinguish between parenchyma, collenchyma, and sclerenchyma cells.? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Parenchyma is the most common and versatile ground tissue. It forms, for example, the cortex and pith of stems, the cortex of roots, the mesophyll of leaves, the pulp of fruits, and the endosperm of seeds. Parenchyma cells are living cells and may remain meristematic at maturity, meaning that they are capable of cell division. They have thin but flexible cellulose cell walls, and are generally polygonal when close-packed, but approximately spherical when isolated from their neighbours. They have large central vacuoles, which allows the cells to store and regulate ions, waste products and water. Collenchyma tissue is composed of elongated cells with unevenly thickened walls. They provide structural support, particularly in growing shoots and leaves. Collenchyma tissue composes, for example, the resilient strands in stalks of celery. Its growth is strongly affected by mechanical stress upon the plant. The walls of collenchyma in shaken plants (to mimic the effects of wind etc), may be 40%-100% thicker than those not shaken. The wall is made up of cellulose and pectin. Sclerenchyma is a supporting tissue in plants. Two groups of sclerenchyma cells exist: fibres and sclereids. Their walls consist of cellulose, hemicellulose and lignin. Sclerenchyma cells are the principal supporting cells in plant tissues that have ceased elongation. Sclerenchyma fibres are of great economical importance, since they constitute the source material for many fabrics (flax, hemp, jute, ramie). Unlike the collenchyma, mature sclerenchyma is composed of dead cells with extremely thick cell walls (secondary walls) that make up to 90% of the whole cell volume. The term "sclerenchyma" is derived from the Greek σκληρός ("sklē-rós"), meaning "hard". It is the hard, thick walls that make sclerenchyma cells important strengthening and supporting elements in plant parts that have ceased elongation. The difference between fibres and sclereids is not always clear. Transitions do exist, sometimes even within one and the same plant. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post funsch 3 years ago Difference Between Fibres And Sclereids Source(s):
https://owly.im/a9qFo 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago ?They all form a kind of tissue called the ground tissue whose main function is to provide support in plants. Parenchyma includes cells that perform photosynthesis and storage. (P for photosynthesis) Collenchyma forms the wood that gives strength, is heavily lignified and not very flexible. Sclerenchyma is mostly dead tissue that provides support but also gives flexibility 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is cannabis/marijuana really a weed? 4 answers How long does it take for trees to leaf out in the spring? 4 answers When you take magic mushrooms, can you then pee out spores for them? ? 5 answers Is Banana still considered a fruit or is it a vegetable like the Plantain? 7 answers Where is John Lennon's strawberry field? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are Hophornbeam leaves toxic to dogs? What tree grows the fruit of the loom? biology ➵  calvin cycle reduction reactions? Which one of the four gases do plants release during photosynthesis? List a few fast-growing franchises? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites