Is this a sign of the end of the world, " Giant iceberg breaks off from Antarctic glacier ".? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Astronomy & Space
·
1 decade ago Is this a sign of the end of the world, " Giant iceberg breaks off from Antarctic glacier ".? http://ca.news.yahoo.com/s/reuters/100226/world/in... I seen the movie " The Day After Tomorrow " and i know that desalination of the oceans is going to cause another ice age for us. Can't we just dump a bunch of salt in the oceans and everything will be fine? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance KTDykes Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer <<Is this a sign of the end of the world, " Giant iceberg breaks off from Antarctic glacier ".?>> It's an omen of a large iceberg. <<Can't we just dump a bunch of salt in the oceans and everything will be fine?>> There's not much point in adding salt to salty water. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Will Lv
7 1 decade ago First, "The Day After Tomorrow" has so many science flaws that it wasn't funny. The iceberg is a sign of global warming, not another ice age.
There will be serious problems down the road, but an ice age is not in the near future. And even if we had enough salt to affect the oceans (which we don't; the oceans are where we get our salt from) dumping extra salt would just kill all of the fish, which would make everything worse. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Patrick Lea, A Cincinnati Realtor(R) 1 decade ago It doesn't quite work like that. One, the salt is actually a complex batch of chemicals disloved in, not just NaCl. Also, no ice age coming. It's likely that Western Europe will initially be colder as the ice melts off Greenland, but once that water is assimilated into the oceans, those cats will be hot just like the rest of us. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Paul Hxyz Lv
7 1 decade ago No to both of your questions. Every once in a while giant chunks of the Antarctic ice sheet break off. It has nothing to do with the end of the world. It might have something to do with global warming. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in GeoffG Lv
7 1 decade ago No. It is a sign of global warming. "The Day After Tomorrow" is fiction, and a rather bad movie as well. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post aladdinwa Lv
7 1 decade ago It could be.
The breakups were caused by Global Warming. . 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Not a sine of the end of the world,but a symptom of it worming up.We couldn't mine for a naf salt fast a naf to make a difference. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Rez021938428 1 decade ago i agree 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions USSR did land on the sun in 1961, why are moon landings overrated? 20 answers Why is NASA such a liar, how do they know the universe is 13.8 billion years old? 13 answers Why is the universe said to be infinite? 10 answers Does the full moon effect you? 23 answers Is it possible to see the sun rise and set at the same time? 35 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Physicists use Quantum Computer to reverse Time on the “smallest scale”, how much longer til human can send himself back in time ? Can I see the spacex launch from a Melbourne beach? What breed of alien do you think scares astronauts most -  greys, chuds, or martians? Does the law protect aliens? will elon musk and spacex get astronauts to the moon and mars before the united states? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites