why do the glaciers melt? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Char Foyston Char Foyston
asked in
Science & Mathematics Earth Sciences & Geology
·
1 decade ago why do the glaciers melt? im doing a school project thats due monday i could really use sum help with it so if u could help that would be great its an essay on global warming but i only have the glacier part Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance minefinder Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer All glaciers melt. That's a perfectly natural process that has been occurring for millions of years. It has less to do with so-called global warming than with the complex interaction between precipitation as snow, gravity, and adiabatic lapse rates. Glaciers are formed in the zone of accumulation (usually but not always at high elevation), move downhill from gravity into the zone of ablation, and melt or calve. When a glacier moves ahead (downhill) faster than it melts or calves, it is said to be advancing. When it melts faster than it moves ahead, then it is said to be receding. Normally a glacier advances in the spring, and recedes in the fall. Note that the ice in the glacier never stops moving downhill, its only the toe of the glacier that advances or recedes. By definition, a glacier must be advancing when it is formed, at a location where more snow falls than melts over a period of many years. The snow is compacted in to firn, neve, and finally ice, and then gravity moves it downhill, like a river of ice to a warmer location where the ice inevitably melts. Look up the adiabatic lapse rate of the atmosphere to learn why there is a temperature increase as you go downhill. Whether a glacier is advancing or receding is a complex process, and depends on the amount of snowfall, the subglacial topography, dust on the glacier, insolation, and temperature over a period of several years. So a melting glacier is absolutely no indication of global warming. However a receding glacier could be an indication of local temperature increases but can just as easily be an indication of reduced precipitation or reduced flow rate.
Too many people are using receding glaciers as "proof" of global warming without really understanding the complex dynamics of glaciers. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Caleb 1 decade ago It has nothing to do with weather cycles or solar activity. It's because of deforestation and hair spray which is causing the Earth to heat up. I mean, it's not like they ever melted before or anything. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jordan F 1 decade ago Because you touch yourself at night. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What would happen if we nuked the polar ice caps? 5 answers What would the US Government do if YellowStone SuperVolcano Erupted? ? 4 answers Hypothetical question. Imagine the Earth where life did not start. How would it be different? 6 answers is the Earth's oceans as much an uneven "surface" as the landmasses are?  ? 5 answers Would an ice sheet or a forest have a higher albedo? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What would the asking price be for a rectangle lot that measures 900 feet wide by 300 feet deep based on $30 per front foot? Is Corona mutating weaker? What would happen if we nuked the polar ice caps? What would the US Government do if YellowStone SuperVolcano Erupted? ? how many ocean there are ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites