Effects of acid on canvas ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products adaviel Lv
7 adaviel
asked in
Science & Mathematics Chemistry
·
6 years ago Effects of acid on canvas ? I have a canvas toolbag about 40 years old that's been accumulating holes for decades. Recently I noticed even more holes in the bottom than usual. Eventually I realized that this may not be unconnected from the fact it's been sitting on top of a car battery for several weeks (duh) - some acid from around the filler caps may have slowly wicked up into the fabric. The canvas around the holes is weak and tears easily. I know that sulfuric acid attacks some materials and not others. Is canvas one of them ? If the bag is cleaned and all acid removed would it be repairable or would the fabric be permanently weakened ? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 6 years ago Favorite Answer Canvas is typically made of cotton (sometimes linen, sometimes polyester).
Cotton and other cellulosic fibers like rayon, linen, etc. can be hydrolyzed by acid, and as the chemical bonds in the cellulose molecule break, the fiber gets weaker and eventually you've got a hole.
Or a tear. Fabric is permanently damaged and can't be strengthened in any practical way. Choose a polyester toolbag next time (polyester is pretty close to chemically inert).
Poly, however, is permanently stained by grease and oil. Source(s):
50 yrs of playing with fabric; too many chemistry classes 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post pisgahchemist Lv
7 6 years ago The canvas is probably cotton based, and sulfuric acid will do a number on cotton.
Soaking in the bag in water will help neutralize the acid.
Like canvas sails, the holes can be repaired, although you may need to remove some of the affect canvas around the hole.
Then you have to compare the cost of repairs vs a new bag, or simply don't worry about the holes. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what if a protestor shot at a gas truck driving down the opposite side of the interstate..would it blow up? 5 answers Why does my body not produce heat? 11 answers Is trying lsd once a good or bad idea? 4 answers what is Law? 4 answers What is the IUPAC name of this carboxylic acid? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions O Chem help please ? How is Phencyclidine (PCP) made/synthesized? Please help me figure out how to solve for the concentrations? How do you solve this question? Como saber si mi entorno personal fomenta mi creatividad? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites