What specific pollution control device is most effective? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anna.R Anna.R
asked in
Science & Mathematics Other - Science
·
1 decade ago What specific pollution control device is most effective? I was wondering which Pollution control device (eg. Wet scrubber)
was most effective. Like, what chemicals does it remove, and how and all that. thanks =) Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance sharadchandra u 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The specific pollution control device can be designed for specific pollutants. 1)Wet scrubber is a standard way for gaseous pollutants using a compatible solvent liquid as scrubbing media, either by absorption or by reaction. It is efficient when the pollutant concentration is high, with a marked reduction in efficiency when the concentrations are low. 2)The most efficient device for toxic gases is a Catalytic Incinerator to burn the pollutants. 3) The pollutant gases can be flared off. 4) The gases can be liquified and recycled. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How do animals practice birth control? 5 answers Why would it be harder to stop the leak if the hole was near the bottom of the dam as compared to near the top. (check description for rest)? 9 answers What universally accepted scientific theory do you think could potentially be wrong? 7 answers why is stuff moving in my room when i didnt touch it? 12 answers bonfire vs campfire?what's the difference? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions My couz send this to me. How is this possible? True or False questions? Can someone provide me the dewey decimal # for a book that answrs da quest. What is da process of filing a patent for an invention of yours? Identify the study below as using either a correlational, experimental, or quasi design:? How is biotechnology significantly different from existing science and technology methodologies? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites