I want to build a mini trebuchet/catapult that only throws small balls across a room. How do I give the ball spin? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products David David
asked in
Science & Mathematics Engineering
·
6 years ago I want to build a mini trebuchet/catapult that only throws small balls across a room. How do I give the ball spin? I want it to always land in the same spot based on the settings but I want there to be some spin on the ball so it looks cooler.
How do I start building it? What are some designs off the internet I could use?
what parts will I need? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Mike1942f Lv
7 6 years ago Favorite Answer trebuchets
and catapults work in considerably different ways and whether you could make them behave with small balls may depend on how small you go - bigger is easier.
For the trebuchet the sling holding the ball has got to let go with a gripping action to start the spin. For a catapult, a basket shaped like a jai-alai
http://www.jai-alai.info/
basket so the ball is rolled inside before leaving. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bob Lv
7 6 years ago A ball leaving a treb always has spin. No worries. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Put a curved, slotted arm on the end. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what is a building engineer? Also do you need a degree to be a building engineer? 4 answers when will r410a be replaced by something more efficient? 4 answers Technical a/c transformer question? 4 answers Question about household electricity and circuit breaker? 9 answers A 2.2k resistor is rated at '1/2 W'. What is the highest voltage you could apply to the resistor without damage to it from overheating? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What's it like to be an electrical engineer ? Is it stressful ? How difficult is it ? Calculate the power supplied to the circuit if an ideal voltage source of 90V is connected instead between A and B.? Help me to solve this problem .? Help me to solve this problem by step .? water shooting out of the pipe and nozzle, find the height above the nozzle to which the water jet will shoot. Assume negligible head loss. ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites