Instrumentation, electrical or chemical technology? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Carter Carter
asked in
Science & Mathematics Engineering
·
6 years ago Instrumentation, electrical or chemical technology? I am upgrading in highschool right now, and I have to choose in the next week! I am planning to get a diploma at a technical institute to become a engineering technologist I cant choose between Electrical Engineering Technology, Instrumentation or Chemical? They are all engineering technology Which one should I choose?
I am most interested in Electrical, but i am not sure about the actual job opportunities with it Which one is the best when it comes to getting jobs? and pay? Any advice? I really need help Thanks Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance randike2007 6 years ago Favorite Answer i am not sure jobs in canada as i am from UK. i always wanted do electrical engineering. so i went and did maths, physics and computing at college (year 12/13) ( when i was 17 and 18) then went to university to do Electrical and electronic engineering @ university of Leicester one of the best in uk for now ranked around 7th place for engineering.
like you said you are most interested in electrical go for it. don't worry about a job just yet make sure you pick what you like as it not a easy ride. you must pick what you otherwise you lose motivation and fail exams thats no goo. i work as graduate power engineer for a year, and i found some specialized ares
that i wanted improve so i am doing a Masters degree at university Nottingham with Electrical engineering for Renewable and sustainable energy. just make sure you do what you like don't narrow down just yet have board subject like electrical and electronic. later on you can pick a area from those field and study in depth 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Ares is the best program to download for free all types of music, videos, programs and file!
I found a free download of the last version of Ares here
http://j.mp/1pkkrlW 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what is a building engineer? Also do you need a degree to be a building engineer? 5 answers Technical a/c transformer question? 5 answers when will r410a be replaced by something more efficient? 4 answers Question about household electricity and circuit breaker? 9 answers A 2.2k resistor is rated at '1/2 W'. What is the highest voltage you could apply to the resistor without damage to it from overheating? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What jobs are in the electronic engineering field ? I am an electronics engineer and I pay a crapload of taxes.  Should I riot because thousands of people are living off me? Eng lives matter.? Has diverging diamond interchanges deceased accidents or increased ? Why is it important to consider water flow patterns before constructing a mine or an oil refinery in an area? Is convection heat transfer only indirect? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites