Is Rabbit crap and urine a threat to Dogs? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Wile E. Coyote Lv
6 Wile E. Coyote
asked in
Science & Mathematics Zoology
·
7 years ago Is Rabbit crap and urine a threat to Dogs? A Rabbit took refuge in my yard this winter.
There is snow everywhere and it is layered (obviously) and hard like ice for the upper 3 inches or so.
With result I cannot possibly clean up all the Rabbit Crap or Urine. I am getting a puppy in a few weeks and they need to be kept away from external threats, particularly parvovirus and rabies, but also need to learn to use the yard as a washroom and learn the environment in the same critical vulnerability time period from 8 to 12 weeks. What is the likelihood that this Suburban neighbourhood wild Rabbit carries some sort of dangerous virus in general?
What about Rabies or Parvovirus in particular? Update : Its in Canada. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Donald W 7 years ago Favorite Answer Fortunately, many viruses and eubacteria cannot survive very cold environments, especially if they are in the rabbit as a reservoir. Something to worry about is tularemia which is a condition caused by Franciella tularemia. Humans are at risk for this bacterium when handling rabbits but there shouldn't be very much worry if it is just the feces and urine, especially in such a cold environment. Additionally, no need to worry about rabies because if a rabbit is infected with rabies it WILL die in a short period of time. The rabies virus needs only to make its way to the brain. Rabies will proliferate in salivary glands of the infected animal and then be transferred to an animal it bites. A rabbit would run away from a dog and probably wouldn't even attempt to bite it. If it did bite it, it would have to be an extremely strong bite on behalf of the rabbit to penetrate the dogs fur and skin. Source(s):
B.S. in Biology 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Graham Lv
4 7 years ago NO Your dog will still crap and it will not eat the rabbit crap, you do not say what country you are in? If it is in England we do not have rabies! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the highest form of animal life? 15 answers How big is the Amazon rainforest? 5 answers Do animals dance in a way comparable to how people do? Can they perceive rhythm? 4 answers What are your thoughts when you encounter wild animal in a city? 4 answers Were humans at the bottom of the food chain during the dinosaur era? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are your thoughts when you encounter wild animal in a city? Can you access the entire Amazon rainforest? Do animals dance in a way comparable to how people do? Can they perceive rhythm? Are students night owls in nature? ? How do cats assess whether or not they are in danger? What is going on in their heads? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites