List and describe the erosional features you might expect to see in an area where valley glaciers exist or....? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Geography
·
1 decade ago List and describe the erosional features you might expect to see in an area where valley glaciers exist or....? cont... have recently retreated. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Bearwithme Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The valley glaciers are able to erode the land because they pick up and carry debris that moves across the land along with the ice. Valley glaciers erode in two different ways, plucking and abrasion. Plucking happens when materials are broken from the bedrock and plucked from the place that it has been for centuries. These materials are forced to move with the glacier and causes deep scratches and large holes to be carved from the bedrock. This is called abrasion.
During abrasion smaller particles act like a laarge piece of sand paper and causes smaller grooves to be carved into the land. This process also polishes rock surfaces that were exposed during the plucking process or that were already exposed before the glacier reached them. Two major erosional processes occur at the base of a glacier. First, at the base of a glacier, large amounts of loose rock and sediment are incorporated into the moving glacial ice by partial melting and refreezing.
The second process of erosion involves the abrasive action of the held rock and sediment held by the ice on the surface underneath the glacier. This abrasive process is known as scouring. Scouring creates a variety of features. The most conspicuous feature of scouring is striations. Striations appear as scratches of various size on rock surfaces. In some cases, abrasion can polish the surface of some rock types smooth. This geomorphic feature is known as glacial polish. The abrasive action of scouring also produces a fine clay-sized sediment that is often transported away from the glacier by meltwater. As a result of this process, glacial meltwater can have a light, cloudy appearance, and is called glacial milk. The second major erosional process that occurs at the base of a glacier is plucking. Plucking is the process of particle detachment by moving glacial ice. In this process, basal ice freezes in rock surface cracks. As the main body of the glacial ice moves material around the ice in the cracks is pulled and plucked out.
The intensity of the plucking process is greatest on the lee-side of rock mounds. When combined with glacial abrasion, the action of plucking on rock mounds produces a unique asymmetrical feature known as roche moutonnee. Roche moutonnee are smooth on the side of ice advancement and steep and jagged on the opposite side. Much of this erosion is exerted on the bottoms and sides of alpine valleys that guide the flow of glaciers. This erosion causes the bottom and the sides of any glaciated valley to become both wider and deeper over time.
Some of the other features associated with glacier erosion in alpine regions are cirques, horns, and arêtes. Cirques are the bowl shaped depressions found at the head of glacial valleys. For most alpine glaciers, cirques are the areas in the alpine valleys where snow first accumulated and was modified into glacial ice.
The glaciers that occupy cirques are called cirque glaciers. Horns are pyramidal peaks that form when several cirques chisel a mountain from three or more sides.
The most famous horn is the Matterhorn found in the Swiss Alps. Arêtes are the narrow serrated ridges found in glaciated alpine areas. Arêtes form when two opposing cirques back erode a mountain ridge. Talus, an accumulation of angular rock debris from rockfalls, and other foot-slope deposits are also common in a glaciated valley. Because of the enhancement of freeze-thaw processes bedrock in alpine areas is weathered by the growth of ice crystals.
This type of weathering shatters the bedrock into sharp angular fragments that accumulate at the bottom of rock slopes as talus. Much of the debris carried by an alpine glacier comes from valley sides where talus accumulates. Much of the Canadian Shield shows the effects of abrasion and gouging which created glacial polish and striations on bedrock surfaces. In some areas, continental ice sheets produced huge U-shaped valleys from previously V-shaped stream valleys.
In other areas, erosion by the continental ice sheets scooped out large shallow basins, many of which exist today as lakes. Many of the lakes on the Canadian Shield, including those of the Great Lakes, were created by glacial erosion. Check out the links below. Source(s):
http://library.thinkquest.org/TQ0311164/valglaeros...
http://www.physicalgeography.net/fundamentals/10af...
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glacier 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post susana 4 years ago Usually where there were glaciers, the valleys are really "smooth" because of glacial erosion. The mountains hillsides are also pretty smooth. Glacial erosion is one of the strongest kinds of erosion. Of course, water is the strongest. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What state is the capital of the United States located in? 7 answers Are Palau, Tuvalu, Togo, Botswana, Brazil, Malawi, Eritreia, Zaire, San Marino, St Lucia, Grenada, Chad the most unknown countries on Earth? 11 answers What is the most sense populated country in the world? 4 answers  bluebonnet as an emblem of Texas? 5 answers What are the cities that can be linked with a 45 deg line on earth? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What country has the largest Christian population in Africa? What region of the United States is Oklahoma considered to be part of? Midwest, the South or Southwest? Mymathlab question :? How many knots (kn) are in one time zone? How many knots are in all time zones taken together? How many miles from Sacramento,
CA to Atlanta, Georgia? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites