Do you think I have a good chance of getting accepted at MIT? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Engineering
·
10 years ago Do you think I have a good chance of getting accepted at MIT? GPA is 3.9
Calculus is 98 Physics is 91 Data management is 93
But my english is 85!!!!! Do they care that my english is low??? SAT is good all around but not excellent. Update : For engeeniring Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance BRUZER Lv
4 10 years ago Favorite Answer MIT is considered perhaps the best engineering school in the world.
People with, GPA = 4.0 Calculus=100 Physics=100 Data management =100 English =100 SAT = ACE ...may not be accepted.
They accept the best of all the best. Forget the fact that your english is way below par. Your SAT is not excellent. Your GPA is not 4.0 PLUS and Physics is a hair above 90. I think Perdue is a much more realistic fit. Good Luck 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jacob Lv
5 10 years ago Not only do your grades for MIT have to be EXCELLENT, you also need to display good skills outside of your school. For example, you should have some extracurricular activities. I would also recommend taking the SATs again in hope that you will increase your score (SAT scores typically increase each time you take them). Like a person stated before, many people, even #1 in their class type students, don't get accepted at MIT. Having a very rich family also helps (just like in everything else in the world). If you're looking at engineering, then I'd recommend looking into school that are a step down from MIT: RPI, WPI, Purdue, Penn State, Georgia Tech, Texas A&M.. the list goes on but those are the best I could think of. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions what is a building engineer? Also do you need a degree to be a building engineer? 4 answers when will r410a be replaced by something more efficient? 4 answers Technical a/c transformer question? 4 answers Question about household electricity and circuit breaker? 9 answers A 2.2k resistor is rated at '1/2 W'. What is the highest voltage you could apply to the resistor without damage to it from overheating? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What's it like to be an electrical engineer ? Is it stressful ? How difficult is it ? what are correction factors for instrumental error? how can one avoid this type of error? water shooting out of the pipe and nozzle, find the height above the nozzle to which the water jet will shoot. Assume negligible head loss. ? Help me to solve this problem .? What is the importance of viscosity in electrical engineering? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites