Why is Genetics important? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Science & Mathematics Biology
·
1 decade ago Why is Genetics important? Why is Genetics important to yourself? family? the Community? And The Country? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance dolphin_heart19 Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The study of Genetics is important for many reasons... Viruses, are able to latch on and replicate through our own cells using their own genes. Understanding how and why things work will help us find answers to many important health questions that affect many people. I recently had to pick a disease, research and put together a PowerPoint on tularemia. I originally wanted to do a paper on t. gondii but, I couldn't find enough information. At any rate, tularemia reproduces by allowing a macrophage to engulf it. There it survives and reproduces following the same cycle. In order to stop tularemia you have to use a powerful antibiotic streptomycin. This antibiotic works by inhibiting protein synthesis.
It's pretty interesting stuff. :)
Click on these sites for more info .... http://www.genetichealth.com/FAQ.shtml http://www.genome.gov/19016904 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Given that scientifically (see details) evolution is equivalent to the Flat earth theory, why so many people cannot let it go? 16 answers Were humans meant to eat meat? 11 answers Food, sleep and sex are common for all living creatures.Anything else common? 19 answers Could humans be surgically turned into robots in the future? 5 answers Can two gay men have kids? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions where does the process occur for mitosis and meiosis? Mitosis And Meiosis ? Indicate the expected genotypic ratio and phenotypic ratio of the F1 progeny of a palomino horse with a cremello horse.? Biology help! 10 points!? Biology question? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites