all about earthworms? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products no name no name
asked in
Science & Mathematics Zoology
·
1 decade ago all about earthworms? 1. How can i find out wheter an earrthworm eats soil or not?....i luked in the digestive tract for mud but is there other way? 2. How does the setae make the earthworm well addapted to its habitat? first of all wat is the setae?...
3. How is the earthworm's degiestive system adapted fro extracting relativley small amounts of food from large amouts of ingested soil? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance precede2005 Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Earthworms ingested the soil to look for predators and parasites as their food sources. Setae is a insect (parasite)who make the earthworm well adapted to it's habitat. It's not relatively a small amount,whatever they ingested they excrete by absorbing there food. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sucarri G 1 decade ago earthworms dose not eat soil they eat organic matters. i know this because i am taking a zoology class now and i just finished learning about them. they eat whatever is in the soil.
the setae is an organism on earthworms that is used for movement or locomotion. because the earthworm or earthworms have setae which also means stiff hairs, bristle and bristlelike processes that is how earthworms are so well adapted to its habitat? by the digestive system having a number of regions all with special functions. it first is swallowed by muscular pharynx. then it goes through the esophagus which has three swellings on both sides. after going through all three swellings it moves on through the crop. then lastly it moves on towards the muscular gizzard. this gizzard grinds the food so that it is easier to swallow or digest. which then turns into juice and the earthworm can swallow it more easily. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post eric 1 decade ago Setae help earthworms attach to the surface and prevent backsliding during peristaltic motion. In other words it is the thing that makes them crawl forward and not just wiggle on the ground when they crawl
As far as finding out what they eat find a nice fat worm and put it in a clean glass jar then wait till nature calls...when there is something besides a worm in the jar you have discovered worm poop....if it came out the back side it went in the front. As
for part 3...you are on your own 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the highest form of animal life? 11 answers Were humans at the bottom of the food chain during the dinosaur era? 6 answers Would a T-Rex and the raptor hunt down humans and eat them if they were still alive today? 8 answers An animal licked the top of my foot when I was having a cigarette at night? 8 answers Are squirrels closer to being primates than rodents? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What characteristics did Tiktaalik have that are like a fish? What characteristics are like a four-legged land animal? Can you access the entire Amazon rainforest? Is this a Murder Hornet?? How big is the Amazon rainforest? Were humans at the bottom of the food chain during the dinosaur era? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites