Preperation for Getting into MIT? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products FatsoJacko FatsoJacko
asked in
Education & Reference Higher Education (University +)
·
1 decade ago Preperation for Getting into MIT? What should I do in order to get into MIT?. I'm currently only a freshman in high school. My GPA is currently extremely low, maybe in the 3.3-3.4 range. First semester I had above a 4.0 though (I usually start slacking off mid-year...) I'm currently taking all honors classes (besides my two languages, Latin 1 and Spanish 2) and one AP class (World History). Right now I'm in the school Jazz Band and I plan on joining marching band next year. I also plan on joining Key Club and a Mock Trial club next year, as well. I have absolutely NO trouble with math or science, and I usually get A/A+'s in those classes without even trying (Geometry H and Biology H). My recent dip in grades worries me, however. I heard from a few older friends that colleges don't really look at your freshman year, but I still need some confirmation. Overall, I'd just like suggestions and what I should change in order to get into MIT (I don't know what I'm majoring). Thanks in advance. Update : Also, even if I do my absolute best to get in from now on, will I still have a chance of getting into MIT? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance warblers 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Improve that GPA. It's true that colleges don't always consider freshman grades, but they DO consider class rank- and mediocre freshman grades will hurt.
Take the most challenging classes you can handle. MIT is a tough environment, and success in AP/honors classes reflects well on your academic abilities. Consider taking a couple courses at your local community college, if you can handle them. Most applicants to MIT have at least gone through calculus.
Rather than several extracurriculars, consider doing a few. Colleges prefer in-depth activity in a few areas rather than superficial activity in many, and getting a leadership position would help. Doing a summer program like TASP or RSI would also boost your chances, as well as being a lot of fun. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tricia 1 decade ago Colleges may or may not look at your freshman grades.
Fact is there's going to be thousands of applicants to MIT the year you apply.
None of them will have problems with math and science, all of them will have a high SAT, and all will have done any number of extra curricular activities.
The ones who will be accepted will be the ones who don't slack off mid-year. So shape up. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post may Lv
4 4 years ago sure u should be genius to get into MIT. my acquaintances in gr 12 had a ninety six.9 avg and he nonetheless didnt get accepeted. and he nonetheless fairly in contact and stuff, yet hes from canada, attempting to get into MIT, so for global scholars ts alot harder. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it normal to be an unemployed college graduate? 14 answers What are the benefits of part-time jobs for college students? 10 answers Question about school ? 5 answers Are schools going to reopen this year? 7 answers How many years does a law university course takes in the US? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions High school and college students how much of your online classes do you attend? Question about school ? Is there any way that a student can do this? En que universidades de Ensenada tienen la carrera de medicina? If I was suspended for two years from a 4-year university is it hard to go to grad school? Do I have to tell them about the suspension? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites