Question about engineering in MIT? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Education & Reference Higher Education (University +)
·
9 years ago Question about engineering in MIT? I just went on the MIT website and see a girl handling a robot. My question to you guys is what did she do, what extra curricular activities did she take that she gained enough knowledge to build a robot. This is what I'm talking about. I want to be one of those geniuses who are going to be winning Nobel peace prices and finding cures for cancer. But im afriad its all too late for me. Im in grade 10, what do I need to do to gain enough knowledge about engineering? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance eri Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer You can easily find information about building robots online.
If you were really interested in that, that's the kind of thing kinds who get into MIT have been doing out of interest for many years, not to impress a college.
Frankly, if you haven't already gotten involved in the fields you're interested in, chances are good you're not a genius at anything (and attending MIT won't make you one).
Nobel prizes are often luck as well as hard work, and not the goal of any scientist.
The goals is to learn something new about something.
And that's the kind of thing people who get into top schools have been doing for most of their lives, not at the last minute to get into a good college. MIT doesn't turn people into geniuses.
They admit very smart kids with a ton of motivation and potential, and then help them apply it.
If you don't have it, going there won't do anything but frustrate you. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post MomSezNo Lv
7 9 years ago The high schools around here have robotics competitions every year.... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it normal to be an unemployed college graduate? 14 answers What are the benefits of part-time jobs for college students? 10 answers Question about school ? 5 answers Are schools going to reopen this year? 7 answers How many years does a law university course takes in the US? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Question about school ? How come you get taught stuff totally unrelated to some of what you will apply for after graduation from uni? En que universidades de Ensenada tienen la carrera de medicina? Can students from another states get accepted to University of Washington School of Medicine? Is there any way that a student can do this? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites