ENDERS GAME QUOTES HELP PLEASE!!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products GURLL GURLL
asked in
Education & Reference Quotations
·
7 years ago ENDERS GAME QUOTES HELP PLEASE!!? Please help me find quotes on enders game about discrimination, forces of oppression, the power of one, growth and maturation, appearance versus reality and overcoming obstacles!!!!! PLEASE HELP! Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance ANGELA Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer "'I could kill you like this,' Peter whispered. 'Just press and press until you're dead.'" Ch. 2 "'And do you know why you don't mean it?' Valentine asked. 'Because you want to be in the government someday. you want to be elected. And they won't elect you if your opponents can dig up the fact that your brother and sister died in suspicious accidents... 'You're his monitor now,' said Peter. 'You better watch him day and night.'" Ch. 2 "Knocking him down won the first fight. I wanted to win all the next ones, too. So they'd leave me alone." Ch. 3 "It was what I was born for, isn't it? If I don't go, why am I alive?" Ch. 3 "With Ender, we have to strike a delicate balance. Isolate him enough that he remains creative--otherwise he'll adopt the systems here and we'll lose him. At the same time, we need to make sure he keeps a strong ability to lead." Ch. 4 "We're going to make him the best military commander in history. 'And then put the fate of the world on his shoulders." Ch. 4 "Make friends. Be a leader. Kiss butts if you have to, but if the other guys despise you-you know what I mean?" Ch. 5 "Ender's isolation was over." Ch. 5 "I'm a murderer, even when I play. Peter would be proud of me." Ch. 6 "Whatever it meant to Alai, Ender knew that it was sacred; that he had uncovered himself for Ender." Ch. 7 "It set her apart, made her different, split the army." Ch. 7 "It's Wiggin. You know, that smartass Launchie from the game room." Ch. 7 "the adults are the enemies, not the other armies. They do not tell us the truth." Ch. 7 "Ender's anger was cold, and he could use it. Bonzo's was hot, so it used him." Ch. 7 "If you want, I'll pretend you won this argument. Then tomorrow you can tell me you changed your mind." Ch. 7 "Listen, Ender, commanders have just as much authority as you let them have. The more you obey, the more power they have over you." Ch. 8 "It's the teachers, they're the enemy. They get us to fight each other, to hate each other." Ch. 8 "This game knows too much about me. This game tells filthy lies. I am not Peter. I don't have murder in my heart." Ch. 8 "Well, I'm the bloody ******* you wanted when you had me spawned." Ch. 8 "What do you tell him, I need citizen's access so I can take over the world?" Ch. 9 "She was one of them now." Ch. 9 "It was a strategy. Graff had deliberately set him up to be separate from the other boys, made it impossible for him to be close to them." Ch. 10 "And with that anger, he decided he was strong enough to defeat them-the teachers, his enemies." Ch. 10 "You want to make me the best soldier possible. Go down and look at the standings. Look at the all-time standings. So far you're doing an excellent job with me. Congratulations. Now when are you going to put me up against a good army?" Ch. 11 "The teachers got me into this-they can keep me safe." Ch. 11 "Ender Wiggin must believe that no matter what happens, no adult will ever, ever step in to help him in any way." Ch. 12 "Don't be alone. Ever. -Dink." Ch. 12 "I can't help that I'm bigger than you. You're such a genius, you figure out how to handle me." Ch. 12 "it only works because what's between you, that's real, that matters." Ch. 13 "We are the Third Invasion." Ch. 13 "From now on the enemy is more clever than you. From now on the enemy is stronger than you. From now on you are always about to lose." Ch. 14 "You will learn to defeat the enemy." Ch. 14 "Strange dreams are a safety valve, Ender. I'm putting you under a little pressure for the first time in your life." Ch. 14 "And always Ender carried with him a dry white cocoon, looking for a place where the hive-queen could awaken and thrive in peace. He looked a long time." Ch. 15 http://classiclit.about.com/od/endersgame/a/enders... For quotes under categories with their explanations http://www.shmoop.com/enders-game/competition-quot... the best site ever AAA 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post kryst Lv
4 4 years ago Enders Game Quotes Source(s):
https://shrink.im/a9i9F 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post homles Lv
4 4 years ago Ender Wiggin Quotes Source(s):
https://shrinks.im/a9r5x 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Not to be nit picky, but the term in the book is xenocide... I'd help, but I lost my copy =( 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the meaning of the quote below? 5 answers “The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.” ― Mahatma Gandhi? 5 answers What's your motivation quote? 11 answers What historical quote do you think was the best quote ever uttered? 12 answers Can someone explain the quote “Sometimes goodbye is the purest form of I love you” ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Disbelievers "Non-Muslims" would weep in hell to the extent that ships could move on their tears, How true is this? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites