How does courage relate to personal integrity? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products iEatPandaz iEatPandaz
asked in
Education & Reference Homework Help
·
7 years ago How does courage relate to personal integrity? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance conner 7 years ago Favorite Answer interesting question.
Courage is a massive part of having personal integrity. Its the thing that gives you the balls to stand up for what you think is right. An example: You see a kid with special needs taking the brunt of some harsh comments on the school field, what do you do? Having the courage to not walk away from that incident and to instead stand up for what you belive in would be a hard thing for most to do in this situation. This is at the same time personal integrity as you are using that courage to do what you think is morally right. The same would go for if you had broken something that belonged to another person, having the integrity to own up to that mistake takes a lot of courage. Courage Discipline Respect For Others Integrity Loyalty Selfless Commitment
All of these core values interlink with each other in one way or another 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Please help me with this Fetal Pig question? 5 answers Can someone change this to reported speech? 7 answers How many Workers do i need to build a hotel with 40 rooms and 4 flats ?what time do they need ? 4 answers Are 8x²y and -5yx² like terms? Explain? 7 answers Help with words on death certificate? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Current conspiracy theories?
I need new conspiracy theories that is no more than a decade old? Can you name some? How does ICT become a driving force of globalization? Cute concrete examples and situations? Dados los siguientes elementos, determine el Patrimonio del ente? Economics question about taxes? Explain coronavirus has another cold war between the world powers
As an essay? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites