Tips for Junior year? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Education & Reference Primary & Secondary Education
·
6 years ago Tips for Junior year? I live in canada and I'm really nervous for 11th grade. Is it really that hard? I genuinely cannot study for the life of me so could anyone please help with tips on how to study and organization tips? Also, is it okay if you take 2 college courses and 2 university courses? I'm taking university english and university anthropology because im really good at those and im taking college math and bio because i suck at those. Last thing, other then the basics, are there any school supplies i should get before the school year starts? thank you! Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Emmybear_22 6 years ago Favorite Answer I was really nervous for junior year too. I had heard how hard it was, it was the most difficult year of high school, etc. I took probably all my hardest classes in the same semester/trimester and ran cross country so it was difficult to manage at times. What I did was I had a free period and made sure I took advantage of it. If you don't have an open period or study hall of some sort, make the most of your free time.
I studied as soon as I got home from school/practice and made sure I got all my homework done before I got on Facebook, Twitter, all of that social media stuff. I also made sure I knew where everything was and had separate folders and binders for each class so I could keep myself organized. Don't cram the night before tests. That NEVER works, trust me I know from experience. If you have multiple tests on one day, make sure to study for both of them but alternate subjects and take breaks in between. It may seem challenging at first but if you take good notes and can remember a lot of the material from class, you should be okay. Studying isn't the most fun thing to do in the world and you may get easily distracted like me, but it really does help you to do well on tests. Also, DO NOT PROCRASTINATE! We've all done it at one point or another, but it really doesn't help anything and it makes everything a lot worse. Get your homework done as soon as possible when you have free time because putting it off will not help you get things done on time and then you'll start to fall behind with assignments. I procrastinated a lot junior year and I found it a lot better and less stressful on myself when I got it done right away rather than waiting until the last minute to do an assignment.
It's okay if you take college and university classes. A lot of my classmates did that when they were juniors and even though it was challenging, they managed to get it all done. If you suck at college math and biology, why take it? Unless it's required by your school, I wouldn't take it because then you'd be overloading yourself. If you really want to take them then go ahead, but focus more on the things that you're good at, like the university classes. Don't try and take on too much at one time because it'll really stress you out and make junior year miserable. It's good to get college experience in high school, but don't take any more than you need to. As far as school supplies go, I would recommend getting a couple of notebooks and folders for each class. You may have to buy a lot of notebooks and folders but it really does help you to keep your stuff organized. Also buy some highlighters to highlight notes because that'll also help you when you study and also make sure to have enough pens and pencils with you. You shouldn't really need too many school supplies other than the basics: pens, pencils, paper, etc.
Hope I helped and I know junior year can be tough but you can do it. Hope I helped you and good luck! :) 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What have I accomplished? 4 answers Is it okay that, as an adult, I use a point-reward system for getting through my to-do list? 4 answers Do you believe the UK government should be held responsible for the high number of deaths in the UK caused by Covid-19 ? 5 answers Drop out of school because of financial difficulties? 8 answers Do you get to wear makeup when you go to High School or College or University?? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What universities should I apply to, given everything I've done? Why do we think some dangerous things are safe and some relatively safe things are dangerous? Will you be informed by the school if a grad program you’re in revokes offer of admission? How long do you think it takes to get settled in the routine of going to school in person(after being online) or the routine of online ? What are positive effects of bullying? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites