What's the difference between landslide and glacier? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anger is just one letter short of danger Anger is just one letter short of danger
asked in
Education & Reference Words & Wordplay
·
8 years ago What's the difference between landslide and glacier? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance P.J 8 years ago Favorite Answer a glacier is a large body of ice.It is made up of snow that accumulates over many years, eventually compressing into a large, thickened mass of ice that remains in one location over a long time—even throughout the summers. But to be a true glacier, the ice also has to move, as indicated by the presence of an ice flowline (the theoretical path a piece of ice would take from its origin to the edge of the glacier), crevasses (fissures in the ice), and recent geologic evidence. Some glaciers are huge, growing to over 100 miles (161 kilometers) long, while smaller ones can be the size of a football field. an avalanche is the same as a landslide An avalanche is a massive slide of snow, ice, rock or debris down a mountainside. Provoked by an earth tremor, extreme precipitation or man-made disturbances (such as a loud noise or the heavy movement of a skier or snowboarder), an avalanche can reach speeds of over 200 m/h (300 km/h). The impact of the falling material and the winds produced by the flow can cause extensive damage to anything in its path. According to experts, there are some 1 million avalanches yearly. In the case of a snow avalanche, the new snow that accumulates on top of another heavy layer of snow can begin to slide down the mountainside. The risk of an avalanche can be reduced by building a snow shed — a barrier made of rocks, soil and other materials — or by triggering a controlled avalanche at a time when no one is on the mountain. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Neil Lv
7 8 years ago You can outrun a glacier. You can't outrun a landslide. A landslide is part of a mountain or hillside coming loose and falling down the slope. A glacier is a gigantic slab of slow-moving ice. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post DR + Mrs Bears face Lv
7 8 years ago Land is soil and land. Glacier is ice. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What does IDK mean? 12 answers Do you know what the term "Weed out" means? 18 answers Is black lives matter a racist slogan?
? 21 answers Can I say "Jim hasn't gone to Germany for several years"? ? 13 answers Does this sentence make sense? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is there difference? Are these sentences correct? Is there a difference? Are these sentences correct? are merpeople mammals or fish? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites