What I need to transfer to MIT? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Education & Reference Higher Education (University +)
·
1 decade ago What I need to transfer to MIT? I am doing my undergraduate degree in electrical engineering at McGill, Montreal. I have completed my first year. I wanted to apply for transfer to MIT. I know its very hard, but I still want to try. I have been through the instructions given about transfers on the MIT website. But I know what "they" say is not enough to improve my chances to get in. Can anyone please tell me what all stuff is necessary for transferring to MIT. I'm the kind of person who believes in "nothing is impossible", so please don't give me the answer that I can't do it. I "believe" that if I don't have what it takes to get something, I can develop that quality. So just give me all you can think of. Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Jason Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I am planning on transferring to eMIT, too, but my major is biomed ngring.
I understand from your question that you are a determined student, so there would be a chance for you to go to MIT. If you want to be a successful transfer student, you have think, act, and produce as a very competitive man who would set high standards for yourself. I just learned that SAT is an imperative part of the admission to MIT. As a transfer student, you must have strong science background, meaning that you should have at least 1 year of calculus, 1 year of physics, 1 year of chemistry(not very sure,kind of forgetting for chemistry requirement but you can check it out on the MIT website).
This type of school would want those students who have committment, dedication, and geniune interest in expanding their intellectual horizons; both in what you write in your admission essay and in the letter written on your behalf. Play it smart with your teachers; choose the best letter of recommendation. And a remarkably idosyncratic essay--which, after first reading, reader would remember who you are, and this essay is merely unique to you and no other student could fit into the essay but you. This is my recommendation for admission essay. A unique essay is that if you erase your name on the top, no other student on your campus can use it for their sake. Got it? I guess you really do. MIT might want to seek in you the energy and depth of committment you will bring to your endeavors, whether that means in a research lab, while being a part of school and community organizations, during a performance, or in the athletics field.
You should show, in your application, that you are a very challenging candidate who possess the initiative with which you seek out opportunities that expand your perspectitives and that will allow you to participate in creating new knowledge. To summarize: 1. GPA 2. Science classes 3. strong SAT score (at least 2000) 4. Well-writte, well-developed, well-organized, tightened-focus, unique admission essay. 5. strong letter of recommendation 6. Extracurricular activity 7. Reasons of transferring to MIT (in your admission essay) Now you are good to go after you finish these things above. Good luck hope to see you at MIT if we both will get acccepted.
Source(s):
I'm in California.
0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post power Lv
4 4 years ago Transfer Mit Source(s):
https://shrinks.im/baHWr 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post litzbarski Lv
4 4 years ago Mit Transfer Application Source(s):
https://shrink.im/baen5 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bab Lv
5 1 decade ago Obviously very high GPA and SAT scores, phenomenal recs from current profs (best in career kind of thing), performing serious research, going beyond pre reqs, serious math/science achievement of any kind. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Priyanka 1 decade ago online degree- http://carerschools.com/ 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it normal to be an unemployed college graduate? 14 answers What are the benefits of part-time jobs for college students? 10 answers Question about school ? 5 answers Are schools going to reopen this year? 7 answers How many years does a law university course takes in the US? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions High school and college students how much of your online classes do you attend? How come you get taught stuff totally unrelated to some of what you will apply for after graduation from uni? Which IVY League Business Graduate Schools don't require GRE or GMAT? Can students from another states get accepted to University of Washington School of Medicine? Can I take classes at a JC while I am serving a suspension from a 4-year university? Is it hard to get into a JC with the suspension? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites