usage of "to administer" and "to manage"? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Education & Reference Words & Wordplay
·
7 years ago usage of "to administer" and "to manage"? I have made up a couple of sentences below. I am wondering if I am using the correct word
and the correct phrase. (1) This is one of the few private schools ADMINISTERED (or MANAGED) by the local school board. (2) This special education school is UNDER MANAGEMENT of the local school board. In (1), do both words, "administered and manged" fit the sentence? In (2), is it necessary to put THE as in under
THE management of ...? Please explain. Thanks. Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Bilbo Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer 1. Administered would be Ok but both fit. Managing suggests a day to day activity, whereas administer is a bit more remote, perhaps, which would fit better. But it is avery subtle distinction. 2
it is usual to include 'the' as in under the management of the school board. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What does IDK mean? 12 answers Do you know what the term "Weed out" means? 18 answers Is black lives matter a racist slogan?
? 21 answers Can I say "Jim hasn't gone to Germany for several years"? ? 13 answers Does this sentence make sense? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are these sentences correct? Phrase "Person in question." usage.? Is there difference? Is there a difference? WIN is similar in meaning to:? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites