How do the terms courage and integrity bond together and make a good person? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Moaiz Moaiz
asked in
Education & Reference Words & Wordplay
·
7 years ago How do the terms courage and integrity bond together and make a good person? Im confused about this as these two words are so unlike yet they are used to describe personalities. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Arajin 7 years ago Favorite Answer courage is defined as the mental or moral strength to withstand fear or difficulty...for example- She has the courage to support unpopular causes........while integrity is defined as the firm adherence to a code of especially moral or artistic values....both words are associated with morals....so if somebody has integrity they may need courage to stand by their moral values...some people associate courage with physical strength instead of moral or mental strength and maybe that is what seems confusing about the link between the two words.....hope that helped :D Source(s):
Merriam-Webster.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 7 years ago They both describe different aspects of a person. They are not the same thing. Integrity refers more to honesty and honesty towards one self. Courage is the ability to control fear and take risks. There is more to a good person than just integrity and courage though ex: compassion, respect, love, tolerance and a person can have one of the two you mentioned without necessarily having the other ex: being brave but dishonest. They don't necessarily bond together. People have a lot of aspects to their personalities and it's the sum of these aspects that will make them a good person or not. It also depends on your definition of a good person which can depend entirely on perspective. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post shelby s 7 years ago they have to be used in the correct way. just because i had the courage to rob that old lady doesn't make me good and just because i admitted i did it (integrity) doesn't mean im a good person. i know integrity goes beyond telling the truth but that was just an example to make my point. in the military we have the 7 army values loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, and personal courage. we got asked a million times what this one or that one meant to you and i got your question "what do integrity and courage have to do with each other" the only way i could explain it and make sense was by saying integrity which is doing the right thing even when no one is looking, that corresponds with courage because it takes a lot of courage to do the right thing at times. you may want to walk by a problem and act like youdon'tt see in in fear of what others will think or say but stopping and fixing the problemregardlesss take integrity and courage. for example it took a lot of courage to join the military but mintegrityty told me it was the right thing to do it was what i needed to do. to sum it up to answer your question i would say it is the way that a person uses courage and intergrity together that makes them a good person. courage and intgrity alone do not make a person good. i hope this helped and didnt just confuse further 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you know what the term "Weed out" means? 11 answers Is black lives matter a racist slogan?
? 19 answers Can I say "Jim hasn't gone to Germany for several years"? ? 13 answers Does this sentence make sense? 8 answers what is the definition of "Bull - Shi*"? like someone says that is just a bunch of "Bull-Shi*" i would just ignore it"? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What does 'lovely to hear from you' mean here? Check if there are Grammar and Sentence mistakes? Is the word park derived from the common Korean surname or did it come from somewhere else!? Check if there are Grammar and Sentence mistakes? What is raven hair? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites