Who to blame for high dropouts? Students or schools? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Kaito Kid Kaito Kid
asked in
Education & Reference Primary & Secondary Education
·
7 years ago Who to blame for high dropouts? Students or schools? I beg you please to take only one side and not use any other options eg family, gouvernment, etc. A friend said to me `Ìts the schools fault because last year my friends were in Mr.
Y`s class and I was in Mr. X`s class. Mr Y would make jokes all the time and itd be easier to remember stuff cause they could remember the jokes he said and remember all the lessons. My teacher wasnt that funny. At the end, we all had kinda the same grades but Im sure I worked twice as hard! and its not fair! School shooulda fired Mr X so I could have a teacher like Mr Y. so Its the schools fault`
What arguments could I use to counter that? In that situation, whose fault is it? Update : Im not saying you cant take another side. You could but it woulnt help my debate assignement Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance alicatsam Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer The direct answer to your specific question is the school board. However, being in a situation where you have to work harder will give you an edge when you apply for college or a job. Mr. Y, while charming, may not be the best teacher for you. Mr. X makes you work harder, which is almost always the better way to train a young person for an adult life. If you go to college, you'll have to work even harder. Also, Mr. X is installing a strong work ethic, which will be a huge benefit to not just your future career, but almost every aspect of your life. None of your story has anything to do with dropout rates. Dropouts can be blamed on anyone: lazy students, abusive parents, absentee parents requiring the oldest kid to stay home and watch younger siblings, societal pressures, financial problems requiring a young person to work and make money immediately. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post lillian Lv
4 4 years ago It can not probably be the child's fault !! Bullcrap. Seem at tv - You see youngsters dropping by the wayside of tuition to come to be rappers or basketball avid gamers or gangsters. You hear about but not ever see on television the 95% of the drop-outs who did not make the professionals or could not rhyme. Youngsters with mom and dad who both work, so that they let the school lift the kids for them, then ***** about it. It is as much as the father and mother to raise their kids, the universities simply furnish the schooling. If the kid would not want to education, that is his concern, now not the universities. Do you hear something in regards to the factory the place the child goes to work being responcible for the youngsters sucess ?? Someone yelling about the kid not making CEO in four years as being the factories situation ?? Any individual yelling that it's the governments fault if each child is not a millionaire via thirty ?? Or not successful a Nobel Prize ?? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Paris 7 years ago Student and their parents (or lack of them) are to blame.
If you have a high school drop-out, you have a kid with a family that does not value education and in most cases had one or both of their parents drop out. It's cyclical. And since when does each class need to be "fun" with
memorable jokes to be effective? A good student can adjust to all styles and conditions, just like they all have to do in real life when they get there. "It's not fair".....all that means is "I'm not getting my way." 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post sewgoodmama Lv
7 7 years ago No school is going to fire a teacher for not telling jokes. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in saroj 7 years ago No school is going to fire a teacher for not telling jokes.that is you know. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago So...his answer is that the school bears all responsibility for not only educating, but ENTERTAINING him during the process?
And what's his responsibility here? None at all? When does he get to assume any? Ever?
Does he have the right to stay delightfully dumb if it pleases him? Or should he be forced to man up? 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago "I beg you please to take only one side and not use any other options eg family, government, etc." So...restricting your "question" to only two answer options, of YOUR choice, validates the topic of discussion? FAIL. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What have I accomplished? 4 answers Is it okay that, as an adult, I use a point-reward system for getting through my to-do list? 4 answers Do you believe the UK government should be held responsible for the high number of deaths in the UK caused by Covid-19 ? 5 answers Drop out of school because of financial difficulties? 8 answers Do you get to wear makeup when you go to High School or College or University?? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are positive effects of bullying? Do you think they will open schools in the fall? Why do we think some dangerous things are safe and some relatively safe things are dangerous? Distant education in Australia? Will you be informed by the school if a grad program you’re in revokes offer of admission? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites