What is Home Schooling? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Education & Reference Home Schooling
·
9 years ago What is Home Schooling? I mean, how does it work? Does a teacher come over and teach you things, or is homework sent to you and I finish at home by myself, or do I watch any videos or only go online..? Can anyone please explain? What do they do in Canada? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance SquirtleHK 9 years ago Favorite Answer I've been home schooled my entire life, and my Mom's the teacher, my Dad and big brothers help teach a lot, too. Your parent has to have a college education to be allowed to home school their kid, and then they have to keep notebooks with proof of you doing the school work the law requires you to do, and aside from that, you're just a free range child your whole life!(like a free range chicken, lol.) No going anywhere, no paperwork is sent to your house or anything. And I didn't have internet yet when I was little, I was taught by books read by Mom, my bro, and by myself. My parents were extremely loose with my education, I'm 23 now, and look! I can write! lol. Now I can say Learning becomes just an honorable and continuous quest you'll pursue your whole life(as long as you chain through Wikipedia links. :P) when it's not forced on you. I'm not sure if the terrible-sounding school system clouds that quest for most people. I've always been in Kansas City, Missouri, USA, so I have no clue what the rules are in Canada, though, sorry! P.S. ...I swear if my cyberchondriac lifestyle of internet learning in my free time got me certified paperwork, that I do know enough to be a gastroenterologist right now. >:\ 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Stacey 9 years ago okay, i don't know where the 'college idea' came about..i know many people in canada that don't have a college education that homeschool fine.
i'm not sure about the laws, but i know in the us, my kids teach themselves:)
you can also create your own curriculum. contact homeschool groups in your area, and they will give you ideas.
you can also go onto yahoo homeschool groups, and find a lot. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Jacob 9 years ago You either do it via the internet or the mail :) 0 0 4 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Should we send our kids to public schools, where our daughters will probably lose their virginities at 14 or 15, and where our sons will? 6 answers If, by age 27, a person who was homeschooled is unable to find gainful employment or form interpersonal relationships, who would you blame? 16 answers Should Grandparents take a roll in the schooling system.? 7 answers Why arent parents getting paid? 9 answers Would Thomas Edison have achieved greatness if he had attended government schools instead of being home schooled?? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How to start studying skincare? What does " You're going to be putting off to sleep now" mean? What does "I'll say" mean in this sentence? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites