Dropout age in Canada? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Education & Reference Primary & Secondary Education
·
1 decade ago Dropout age in Canada? What is the legal dropout age in Ontario Canada Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance 530Ninja 1 decade ago Favorite Answer who cares about Canada.....sometimes I forget their even a part of the world 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post fishmusic Lv
4 1 decade ago I hope you're not asking this because you're considering it. Dropping out of school is a one-way ticket to nowhere in most cases. Tough it out, because the rest of your life you'll need to tough it out even more! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♥blink182♥ Lv
6 1 decade ago i think its 16 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What have I accomplished? 4 answers Is it okay that, as an adult, I use a point-reward system for getting through my to-do list? 4 answers Do you believe the UK government should be held responsible for the high number of deaths in the UK caused by Covid-19 ? 5 answers Drop out of school because of financial difficulties? 8 answers Do you get to wear makeup when you go to High School or College or University?? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What universities should I apply to, given everything I've done? Distant education in Australia? Do you think they will open schools in the fall? What are positive effects of bullying? A day when your school has fun activities set up outside for students, parents, teachers. What is this Day at school called?
School fun day? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites