Is it a weak argument when you hear that people like Bill Gates & Steve Jobs were college dropouts? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Roy Roy
asked in
Education & Reference Higher Education (University +)
·
8 years ago Is it a weak argument when you hear that people like Bill Gates & Steve Jobs were college dropouts? I was talking to a friend of mine about college and a successful life and I agreed with him that you don't have to go to college to become successful and happy with your life but degrees help you market yourself for a career. But he told me about the lucky cases like Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg who were successful dropouts who became entrepreneurs and made millions. I told him that all of them are a form of rare exceptions and not everyone has a chance of becoming the 1%(a successful entrepreneur or professional athlete or celebrity). I told him that if he lives his life believing that exception will happen to him too then he's going to have a hard time in life. What do you think about this? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Richard Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer Yes, it is a weak argument. People like Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, and other people like them are/were highly motivated geniuses who dropped out because they were BORED with college:
it was not challenging enough for them.
The same goes for a handful of people who dropped out of college, but found great careers in non-technical fields. Maybe some of these guys were lucky.
Gates' Microsoft got the contract to develop the operating system for the IBM Personal Computer a long time ago.
If somebody else got the contract, it is possible that Bill might have only been a tech support guy, or a small-time entrepeneur, which is the usual fate of many college dropouts. It's almost always useful to have some kind of college degree as a credential that can be used when applying for a job or dealing with others.
It gives you some creditability that you are probably better educated and more intelligent than the average Joe.
[Exception:
degrees from for-profit diploma mills and Bible colleges are counter-productive.] 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Spurs 8 years ago Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg were extremely talented in the field of programming, hence why they were able to drop out. Gates dropped out of college with his buddy, Paul Allen, as he felt he already had the skills necessary to be successful in the field of programming. Then there are guys like Steve Jobs, who dropped out due to not having enough money to afford college and due to losing interest in the chosen course. He had no backup plan and had he not met local engineering genius, Steve Wozniak, would've been an average person with an average job (or worse). College degrees are the safest way to almost guarantee a future in life. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Alex Lv
7 8 years ago Yes, for every Bill Gates there are probably 1000 dropouts whose careers peak when they get promoted to manager at McDonalds.
One thing to keep in mind is that Gates and Zuckerburg dropped out of Harvard. The fact that they got into Harvard in the first place means they were already far above average achievers and had significant advantages in life growing up (rich parents, expensive prep schools). Jobs didn't drop out because he had a great idea, he dropped out because he couldn't afford the private college he was attending. There was around 4 years between when he dropped out and when started Apple. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Aya Lv
7 8 years ago I agree with you -- those people are lucky cases. They most likely would have been wildly successful with or without a college degree. Unless your friend has a brilliant idea AND is able to make it a reality, it's not likely that he's going to wind up like them. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What are the benefits of part-time jobs for college students? 8 answers Is it normal to be an unemployed college graduate? 8 answers Should I drop out of college due to my situation? 16 answers Is there a way for me to still get accepted to an engineering program? Denied by 3 universities? 7 answers Should I get a minor while majoring in nursing? ? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How to calculate last 60 credits if transferred? Are schools going to reopen this year? My research proposal for my masters degree was not accepted now what? What Master degree best for an accounting graduate and a licensed teacher too, applying as Senior Teacher for ABM strand? need advice,thanks? Is Julliard a college or high school? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites