Can RPNs Administer Botox/ injections? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Education & Reference Higher Education (University +)
·
7 years ago Can RPNs Administer Botox/ injections? I live in Toronto and would like to apply for the Practical Nursing program at Centennial College; and become a RPN, I then would like to become an esthetic nurse.
Can RPNs give Botox among other injections? Will I have difficulty applying or getting a job for upper end spas not being a RN? Also am wondering, is there alot of difficult math in a practical nursing course? Just curious about the job market for RPNs.
Thanks! Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Lori Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer No RPNs cannot administer Botox.RNs can if they have the additional training. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it normal to be an unemployed college graduate? 14 answers What are the benefits of part-time jobs for college students? 10 answers Question about school ? 5 answers Are schools going to reopen this year? 7 answers How many years does a law university course takes in the US? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can students from another states get accepted to University of Washington School of Medicine? Is there any way that a student can do this? If I was suspended for two years from a 4-year university is it hard to go to grad school? Do I have to tell them about the suspension? ? Can I take classes at a JC while I am serving a suspension from a 4-year university? Is it hard to get into a JC with the suspension? ? How come you get taught stuff totally unrelated to some of what you will apply for after graduation from uni? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites