What can I do to get into MIT? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Ctrl Alt Delete Ctrl Alt Delete
asked in
Education & Reference Higher Education (University +)
·
7 years ago What can I do to get into MIT? I'm currently a freshman, and I know I have a long way to go but I REALLY want to get into MIT in a few years for Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. I want to try extra hard because right now I'm not the best academic-wise, right now I've only an 80% average. I'm also at a disadvantage because I'm an international student. - What can I do to get a 4.0 GPA average? - Should I self study AP courses since my school doesn't offer them? - How can I juggle learning about computers, school, extra-curriculars and Ap courses (if i choose to take them)? - Valuable study skills? Thanks in advance :D Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Huh?! 7 years ago Favorite Answer If you're an 80% average even now, your chances are really dashed to go to MIT. However, you can still try! If I were you:
- Do more effective studying. I found this website to be really effective:
http://www.cod.edu/people/faculty/fancher/study.ht... Page through the chapter fairly quickly before reading. Survey the material. Look out for bold-faced headlines and questions and note them. Question the material while you're surveying it. What questions do you want to answer? Then, read it. Read as slowly as you need to to fully comprehend the material. At the end of each page or passage, ask yourself a few questions about what you just read and see if you're able to answer them without looking, or if the book offers comprehension tests at the end of the section, those are extremely helpful.
Take frequent breaks and study a little bit every day, not in large chunks over a day or two at a time before an exam. Studies show that people learn better when learning is more spread-out instead of when it is all piled up.
Review your notes every day. Material is absorbed 60% better when it is reviewed 24 hours after initial learning than when it is not.
Get enough sleep. I know it's hard, but it's very important. It is said that people who are sleep-deprived take a hit similar to people who are drunk in intelligence. Don't cut out sleep to make room for other things because you need sleep more than you need anything else besides food and water. Think about what is least important in your life and cut that out so you can get more sleep.
Focus more on learning than on what your grade is going to be. Students who focus on learning (in countries like Finland where class rank is not reported and teachers give individualized grades, and competition basically does not exist) have higher GPAs than students who focus solely on grades (in countries like the United States where most schools do rank and competition is crazy).
Think about what you're learning and how it will benefit you as a person, how it's making you smarter and improving your cognitive skills and making you generally more educated and a better person. Even if you don't like the topic, being educated and well-read is an advantage that you should be happy to have.
Yes, self-study the AP courses or see if you can take some college courses. Even if they aren't for credit, that will improve your resume.
You need to pick which things are most important to you. Cramming them all into your schedule will not work and will make you miserable and worse at learning. Choose one or two passions and be the best at them. Don't pick 5 and be mediocre at all of them. Study effectively so you need less time to get an A. Like I said, don't put sleep on the back burner. And don't be afraid to do things during summer! Take advantage of summer. Don't just sit around. Your competitors are all busy learning and, really, just DOING during summer. Keep up or even exceed them by developing your passions then, too, when you have all the time in the world. Source(s):
I'm a psychology major, so I know a thing or two about learning and how it works.
My mother is also on the admissions committee at a fairly selective college in our area. I'm not going to say which one though 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Kenneth 7 years ago Don't listen to that b*tch Huh?! She does nothing but put down other people, and say they'll never even get to college, even though they have amazing grades. She claims she's disabled, but only uses that excuse to attract sympathy from other people to hide her b*tchiness, other than the fact the she's an attention wh0re. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it normal to be an unemployed college graduate? 14 answers What are the benefits of part-time jobs for college students? 10 answers Question about school ? 5 answers Are schools going to reopen this year? 7 answers How many years does a law university course takes in the US? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions If I was suspended for two years from a 4-year university is it hard to go to grad school? Do I have to tell them about the suspension? ? Can students from another states get accepted to University of Washington School of Medicine? High school and college students how much of your online classes do you attend? Which IVY League Business Graduate Schools don't require GRE or GMAT? En que universidades de Ensenada tienen la carrera de medicina? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites