Are evolve and devolve antonymous to each other? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Education & Reference Words & Wordplay
·
7 years ago Are evolve and devolve antonymous to each other? I wanted to ask if anyone knows whether these words are completely opposite or not. I wanted to describe the Christian philosophical point of view regarding human race, and how it became degenerative after Adam and Eve, rather than evolving we "devolved". Can devolve be used in that context? Or can it only be used in economical, governmental, financial situations? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Prasad Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer evolve Definition: develop, progress Antonyms: block, decrease, halt, stop Read more:
http://www.answers.com/topic/evolve http://www.synonym-antonym.com/e/evolve When something evolves, it changes, or develops over time, like your taste in music and clothes, which evolve as you get older. Evolve comes from the Latin word ēvolvere, "to unroll," the perfect image to keep in mind when thinking of this verb. When something is unrolling or unraveling, it is doing so gradually, not all at once. Evolve describes a development that is taking its time to reach its final destination. Think change with a speed limit. Your taste in music evolved from the nursery rhymes you loved as a little kid to whatever you like today. Even places can evolve, like the old-fashioned coffee shops that evolved into Internet cafes as people began to bring their laptops with them. You've probably heard about that organisms evolve over time. Well, life is complicated, and sometimes things devolve instead — to devolve is to get worse instead of better. The de- in devolve is a clue to its meaning. When things devolve, they deteriorate, degenerate, fall apart, go to the dogs, and generally end up worse. When a classroom gets loud and rowdy, a teacher might say the class has devolved. There is another, less negative, meaning of devolve. You can devolve responsibilities: for example, the U.S. government could devolve a certain responsibility to the states. The non-negative meaning of devolve is kind of like passing things on in a will. If I devolve something to you, you inherit it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post MH Lv
5 7 years ago I think that since Adam and Eve did not *evolve,* the rest of us cannot *devolve.* I think your first word describes it best -- degenerate, in its most technical sense. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What does IDK mean? 12 answers Do you know what the term "Weed out" means? 18 answers Is black lives matter a racist slogan?
? 21 answers Can I say "Jim hasn't gone to Germany for several years"? ? 13 answers Does this sentence make sense? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What does it mean to call someone 'such a lovely person'? WIN is similar in meaning to:? Is there a difference? Are these sentences correct? are merpeople mammals or fish? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites