Why is the WTO bad for developing countries - be specific need for essay? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Im just this typical girl. Im just this typical girl.
asked in
Education & Reference Homework Help
·
1 decade ago Why is the WTO bad for developing countries - be specific need for essay? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance jatice m 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Be specific.lol. It would be wise to take what you can get.
The World Trading Organization is generally bad for developing countries because it uses a method to control that inherently undermines developing countries (yu have to figure out 4 urself wht tht mthd is).
It is based on a system that gives serious preference to developed and powerful nations--the organization is funded by developed nations which seriously effects the organization and motives of the organizations policies.
Developed countries, then, mantain economic domination by creating contracts(essentially) with developing countries that cannot meet the stringent requirements set forth.
These contracts are legitimized through the WTO.
As a result, a number of countries remain in debt and are unable to compete. It undermines the value of what developing countries are able to provide (agricultural goods) and increases the value of what developed countries produce such as intellectual property rights and technological goods/acheivements.
Developing countries are defeated before they can even win. Source(s):
Int. Relations Graduate student 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Feisty Lv
7 1 decade ago Read about it and make your own decisions about it: http://www.wto.org/ http://www.globalexchange.org/campaigns/wto/ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Please help me with this Fetal Pig question? 5 answers Can someone change this to reported speech? 7 answers How many Workers do i need to build a hotel with 40 rooms and 4 flats ?what time do they need ? 4 answers Are 8x²y and -5yx² like terms? Explain? 7 answers Help with words on death certificate? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What does "scandal bugger" mean? Does Matt Gaetz, R-Florida, understand the First Amendment? Or did he fail his civics courses? Economics question about taxes? Explain coronavirus has another cold war between the world powers
As an essay? The effects of exercise on mental health. In paragraph form, describe HOW and? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites