legal age dropout of high school? ontario? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Flash Phillips Flash Phillips
asked in
Education & Reference Primary & Secondary Education
·
8 years ago legal age dropout of high school? ontario? im 17 years old i been going threw alot with my health and i take panic attacks i wan't to know if i can dropout of school Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Molly 8 years ago Favorite Answer You can but have have to be 16 to dropout of school....I don't suggest it but if that's your only option then that's what you have to do... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago No, because youngsters might want to be stupid. in the journey that they are able to drop out, then they could. you're literally making it ok for them to throw their lives away at age 13. In grade 8 you need to be in college or we are going to all finally end up with a set of illiterate, ignorant babies who will strengthen up into illiterate, ignorant adults. How previous are you, besides? i'm sorry yet even to young children, the answer on your question is glaring. it is not a deprivation of freedom you want college. speaking with uneducated human beings is problematic sufficient.. maximum employers do not want those who have not had a high-quality training. Why hardship getting your GED after the actual actuality? it truly is extra ideal to do college genuine and get the skills you want in existence. Procrastination isn't the answer on your complications. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Aw I'm sorry to hear that bro I live near Ontario I think the legal age is 16 I think? But you should really think about this its a big decision man 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What have I accomplished? 4 answers Is it okay that, as an adult, I use a point-reward system for getting through my to-do list? 4 answers Do you believe the UK government should be held responsible for the high number of deaths in the UK caused by Covid-19 ? 5 answers Drop out of school because of financial difficulties? 8 answers Do you get to wear makeup when you go to High School or College or University?? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do you think they will open schools in the fall? Why do we think some dangerous things are safe and some relatively safe things are dangerous? Will you be informed by the school if a grad program you’re in revokes offer of admission? What Do You Guys Think My Chances of Getting Into Choate Rosemary Hall? How long do you think it takes to get settled in the routine of going to school in person(after being online) or the routine of online ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites