Advice for junior year? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Angel Angel
asked in
Education & Reference Primary & Secondary Education
·
5 years ago Advice for junior year? So I'll be going into junior year of high school in about three weeks, and I'm going to have my harder schedule for the fall. I've been told that some of the classes I'll be taking are quite hard. I need some advice since I'll also be studying for my SAT that I'll have to take in January, practicing driving, and volunteering on the weekends.
Is junior year that hard as everyone says it to be? I'm worried that I'll mess up or something..like getting a bad grade in a class.
And I'm really shy when it comes to talking to teachers due to my bad past experiences with them as a child...so how could I participate more and talk to teachers without feeling anxious? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Rachel 5 years ago Favorite Answer Junior year isn't hard in the sense that the things you do will be hard. What makes junior year difficult is that everything begins to pile up (testing, driving, applying to colleges, etc). There's a lot to juggle. The best thing you can do class-wise is to get a schedule and stick to it.
Procrastination will absolutely kill you this year, be as proactive as possible. Every free moment you get should be spent wisely. Make sure not to worry or stress out too much, though. Many juniors' biggest problem is getting too overwhelmed. Doing things that you enjoy in your free time (exercising, relaxing, watching tv, blogging) will make the year much less intimidating. As for the teachers, try to push yourself to participate. Even reward yourself when you do really well one day! Like, if you speak up or participate during a discussion, give yourself one extra episode of tv that night. Also, to make yourself more comfortable with teachers, start communicating with them right away. Spend free periods going over material and methods that will make you more comfortable. Also, if you express your concerns right away, many teachers will try to accommodate you. Overall, just take the year one day at a time, it'll pass by in a flash, and surprisingly enough, you'll miss it when it's over. Source(s):
I'm a senior, and I just finished everything you mentioned. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What have I accomplished? 4 answers Is it okay that, as an adult, I use a point-reward system for getting through my to-do list? 4 answers Do you believe the UK government should be held responsible for the high number of deaths in the UK caused by Covid-19 ? 5 answers Drop out of school because of financial difficulties? 8 answers Do you get to wear makeup when you go to High School or College or University?? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are positive effects of bullying? How long do you think it takes to get settled in the routine of going to school in person(after being online) or the routine of online ? Why do we think some dangerous things are safe and some relatively safe things are dangerous? Distant education in Australia? What Do You Guys Think My Chances of Getting Into Choate Rosemary Hall? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites