Do I have a shot to MIT? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Joonior Joonior
asked in
Education & Reference Studying Abroad
·
7 years ago Do I have a shot to MIT? Up to my Grade 12 year at the start of September. I'm an immigrant but immediately upon landing, I asked to be put in IB and am currently a full IB student taking HLs in Physics, Social and English. I graduated in the Phils. as valedictorian receiving other honors as well. After one year here in Canada, I got Excellence in Math, receiving Best in both Math 30 and 31 (Calculus, grade of 99). I know I may sound like I'm babbling, but I need an honest opinion of whether or not I should take a shot to MIT? I'm in Canada and it's always been a dream of mine to study undergrad in the Boston area in States; but as of now, people think it's impractical. My parents don't seem to have sound support (for finances and all), so I'm really confused regarding this whole matter. Any advice? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance drip Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer MIT acceptance rate is 8.2% last year.
last year they got 18,989
applications and accepted 1548 students.
Your SAT score is going to have to be 2100+ for a mere ghost of a chance
You will need outstanding extra curriculum's. Leadership position in anything you do. Awards.
what will make you stand out? 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rob Lv
7 7 years ago get a job and work a second as u got
to have Money to pay as a foreign national. do not forget the 10,000s$ for educational visa. visit their website for info 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Will I be able to travel to Spain in the fall of 2021? 4 answers Should I move to Spain? 4 answers Do I need ielts? 6 answers Parents abroad ? 11 answers Student loan? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions In which intake should I start my Master's? Can undocumented students study abroad with advance parole? Best ways to study and make a routine? In exchanges of assets in which the exchange has commercial substance? I need help studying? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites