In new france, what would the seineur write to the intendant? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Helynn Helynn
asked in
Education & Reference Homework Help
·
7 years ago In new france, what would the seineur write to the intendant? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Battleaxe Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer A Seigneur is a landholder; a sort of "lord of the manor". An Intendant is the chief administrator of the colony. Seigneur would address reports and requests for assistance (civil or military) to the Intendant.
- .-- 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What is the correct sentence? 5 answers Current conspiracy theories?
I need new conspiracy theories that is no more than a decade old? Can you name some? 5 answers I have to make a covid19 time capsule.? 6 answers Please help me with this Fetal Pig question? 5 answers Can someone change this to reported speech? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions 2. How will you use this information in planning your immediate assessment and care of K.B. on admission? Physics homework help please? What grade are you in if you are graduating in '23? There is no thesis statement to inform readers about the purpose of your political party affiliation essay. ? Homework question? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites