How can I eviscerate and delineate a yeast infection? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Cultures & Groups Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgendered
·
10 years ago How can I eviscerate and delineate a yeast infection? it looks like the monster from Cloverfield! Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Anonymous 10 years ago Favorite Answer This is going to sound gross and I'm sorry.
But google how to make a garlic tampon.
There is something in garlic that will actually kill a yeast infection. I'm being serious and not joking. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 10 years ago throw some flour and water in your vagina and wait about an hour when the bread finishes baking in there remove it and your yeast infection will be eviscerated and delineated. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post DCRubberGuy Lv
4 10 years ago OMG!!! Yuck. Go to a doctor. We don't need to know this information. Yuck. Source(s):
yes try the garlic thing - garlic kills a lot of infections - and can ward away your evil yeasty spirits too...
ugh the thought :( 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post myLord 10 years ago stop having sex with young Taiwanese boys 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 10 years ago well you must itchy down there..how do you manage ..good God uurgh! 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago gross. go to a doctor. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago oh dear.....medication?
maybe go to the doctor. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Are you homophobic if you don’t accept a transgender person‘s new gender? 32 answers How many genders are there in 2020? 18 answers How do I get rid of my "gay" voice? 11 answers is pegging gay? 8 answers Why does Pride always pushed the tranny agenda on white, cis, gay men? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I can't stop doing drugs? is pegging gay? why some people think i am gay? Are most women sexually aroused by the female body and lesbian porn and experiment with women? aren't they bisexual by definition? Is female bisexuality as common as female heterosexuality? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites