Repurifying your life? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products hellojl hellojl
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
1 decade ago Repurifying your life? how can you repurify your life ? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Martin S Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer You didn't give a context to your question but if you are talking about sexual purity then you can determine that from this day forward you are not going to have sex with another person until you are married. It's never too late for a Christian to get back on the path and do the right thing in God's eyes. Psalms 37:23
The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD, And He delights in his way.
24
Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down; For the LORD upholds him with His hand. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Colette Pioline
ART Lv
7 1 decade ago Eat organic? Source(s):
Atheist. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are atheists into child porn? Was Jesus Christ a white supremacist Facist ? Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? If you take lsd, dmt, and magic mushrooms 🍄 would you see god? Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites