Ramadan, guys, would you marry someone who works? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Yurii Lv
5 Yurii
asked in
Society & Culture Holidays Ramadan
·
8 years ago Ramadan, guys, would you marry someone who works? I noticed many people are married to housewives. But what if the girl likes to work? Like I wanna be a doctor, and I wouldn't give it up for someone who wouldn't give up their job for me.. Update : I'm sorry? So men are ok to have interactions with female coworkers, but their wives aren't? Most jobs are unisex, so they require interactions with both. Me being a med student, I have male colleagues and instructors. Answer Save 13 Answers Relevance freedom fighter Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer It amazes me how mny truly don't know Islaam. A woman can work out side if she chooses. It's something that should be discussed before the marriage. A man may not want his wife to work because he can provide suffiently for her, but he cannot forbid the sister from making her own money or seeking education, whether it be Islaamic or not , especially not her Islaamic studies. It is persmissible for men and women to work together. The prophet sallallallahu alai wa asaalaam worked and traded with women in the market places. You must make sure all interactions are business related and not just mindless interactions that can take place at work.
Some women simply choose to be housewives, not because it's mandatory. I worked for the first few years of my marriage then became disabled. If i could work I would be doing so. So it is up to those 2 people in what tyoe of marriage they want to have. It should be discussed about school/ work before hand. You can also put it into your marriage contract. Don't marry a man who just wants a housewife. it is permissible for you to have male instructors. Aisha radia anha(sp?) taught men,. again where do people come up with this stuff>
I hope this has helped you sister. Many of these so called rules were made by men, so this is why it's best to study and learn Islaam yourself especially if you were born Muslim because most mix culture with Islaam from what I've witnessed. Best of wishes to you in your studies., May you be successful and find a righteous and pious brother who truly knows and understands Islaam, Ameen! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Crasher 8 years ago I have very strong views on this... my girl friend works very hard and is trying to further her career... and so am i. We both support each other through the problems we face in our work places. I believe the problem sometimes goes down to old fashioned values which in some cases are wrong. I believe if you can work you should work. No one should even have the choose just to stay at home once the children are at school. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago My wife does, she lives and works with my mother in a different part of the counry, we get together every other weekend. All the women in my family work and all have Masters degrees except my youngest sister who Is just finishing B.A hons degree in Law. My older sisters are civil engineers. My mother is a graphic artist but now works in property development. My wife is her P.A but did Geography and history and was going to be a teacher but my mother offered her a better position. People think that I have a really odd life but it works well for me and I spend a lot of time overseas but work for either my sisters company or my mothers when I am needed. My wife and I are both 24
and not ready for children yet. 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post Hidden 8 years ago I am already married with a non working wife, if she would have liked working, there is no restriction from my side but she doesn't like to work, she want's to chill and I don't have any issue with it either.
But I think for a working wife it is very difficult to manage everything at home beside work because I know how difficult is handling infants/kids and other domestic affairs. This is why Islam has put all the monitory responsibly of woman over man (Husband, Father, Brother). Edit--- Just after answering this I became a top contributor. I am Happy.
Thanks, Gasoline/Yurri. BTW may I ask your real name? 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in joshi Lv
4 4 years ago female are allowed to circulate to jobs :) it relatively is a given in Islam. i'm uncertain how the chores are meant to be set up in Shari'ah, basically that the Prophet (saws) DID help his better halves with each and every little thing. Masha'Allah it is an fairly good occasion :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
5 8 years ago Youre right!!!! I hate those men who expect women to give their jobs up, and stay home wasting their talent and energy and education... they seriously **** me off! You know how difficult medical studies are. We medicine students have to study our heads off literally. We work hard for years and years. And whats the use of it all if we hafto settle down as house wives in the end??
:( I think any man who cant accept you with your profession, doesnt even deserve you. I would honestly prefer staying single than giving up my profession for a man. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago As a woman i prefer NOT to work but in this day and age it is becoming increasingly difficult to survive on one partners income. The women who do not work are the blessed ones... whose husbands provide. :) 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Enlightened Lv
6 8 years ago Yes, why not, then i'll just have to stay home to take care of the children! 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post To learn n To teach Lv
5 8 years ago it is allowed to work as a doctor ,no problem for me Source(s):
Islamic view 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Depends who they work for.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (3) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Honest question to Muslim community? 4 answers Brothers and sisters don't feel sorry for George Floyd . He was a 10 year criminal , a threat to a lady's life, and involved in porn? 5 answers Will Allah answer my dua'a? 8 answers Can the name Nur el Din نور الدين‎ be used for girls also? 4 answers I've sinned so much doing major sins . What can I do to be forgiven ? I've committed so many bad thoughts and made so many errors? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do Shias fully accepted Quran? Brothers and sisters don't feel sorry for George Floyd . He was a 10 year criminal , a threat to a lady's life, and involved in porn? Protester hypocrisy? I prayed istikhara dua yesterday and I saw a decline in my dream for what I am seeking for. What does this mean ? Is it haram to call black person as raisin-head in Islam? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites