foster homes...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Community Service
·
1 decade ago foster homes...? i want to volunteer
or work in a foster home how do i get started.... i live in Ontario California
thank you =) Update : your right i mean were they have children all together in a home. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance attack_of_the_5ft_girl 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Are you sure a foster home is what you mean? Foster homes are individual families that agree to take in minors from the state that have been taken into custody by social services ... usually the children are there temporarily ... I've never heard of anyone volunteering in a foster home, but I could be wrong.
Anyway, I guess if you're interested in working with foster families or lending a hand, contact your local DFYS (Division of Family and Youth Services) or CPS (Child Protective Services) and ask for more information. Good luck. Source(s):
Daughter of a DFYS / Child Protective Services employee 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Look in the yellow pages for foster agencies then go visit them and talk to the director. They could use your help volunteering at the agency. There you will meet various foster parents when they bring the children in for visitations between the foster children and their parents. After meeting them, you can ask them if they would like you to help them in their home with the children. You may need to get screened first by having fingerprints taken and a back ground check conducted. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do criminals impersonate police? 6 answers Who would you support if Arab-Americans began attacking Iranians in revenge for Iran's support for the Syrian dictator Assad? 7 answers Which of these four groups are generally the most gentle and polite, the whites, Latinos, blacks or Asians? 8 answers Isn't it hilarious that these racist police officers are now being shot to death in the protests that will show em? 5 answers Which of the three ancient cultures do YOU respect more, the Jews, the Arabs or the Persians? 11 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How would you interpret someone saying, "I'm homeless to keep from being homeless" ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites