Bible Help?: LUKE 1-2? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Brendan C Brendan C
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
1 decade ago Bible Help?: LUKE 1-2? Can someone help me locate in the bible how Mary was a true discipel, using b-e as a guidline, i guarantee a best answer for first person ! :) thanks
1. Jesus' mother Mary holds a special place in the heart of the Church. She is the first person to encounter the living presence of Jesus in our world. Using the outline provided below and the first two chapters of Luke's Gospel find the Gospel passages that show Mary being a true disciple of Jesus. b. True disciples gladly gather around Jesus and listen to his words c. True disciples open their hearts to receive the gift of the Holy Spirit d. True disciples are willing to go forth and spread the message of Jesus e. True disciples take up their cross each day and follow Jesus Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Servant A Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Peace be to this house (Luke 10:5) Truth is truth it is not my truth but God the Father's truth as spoken by Jesus. 54 And when he was come into his own country, he taught them in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?
55 Is not this the carpenter's son? is not his mother called Mary? and his brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?
56 And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things?
57 And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country, and in his own house.
58 And he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief.
Matt 13:54-58 (KJV) -------------------------------------------- 46 While he yet talked to the people, behold, his mother and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him.
47 Then one said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to speak with thee.
48 But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my mother? and who are my brethren? 49 And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!
50 For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and sister, and mother.
Matt 12:46-50 (KJV) --------------------------------------------- 31 There came then his brethren and his mother, and, standing without, sent unto him, calling him.
32 And the multitude sat about him, and they said unto him, Behold, thy mother and thy brethren without seek for thee.
33 And he answered them, saying, Who is my mother, or my brethren?
34 And he looked round about on them which sat about him, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren!
35 For whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother.
Mark 3:31-35 (KJV) --------------------------------------------- 19 Then came to him his mother and his brethren, and could not come at him for the press.
20 And it was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy brethren stand without, desiring to see thee.
21 And he answered and said unto them, My mother and my brethren are these which hear the word of God, and do it.
Luke 8:19-21 (KJV) -------------------------------------------- 25 Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene.
26 When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold THY son!
27 Then saith he to the disciple, Behold THY mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home. John 19:25-27 (KJV) IF Jesus would have honoured Mary His mother he would have said, behold MY mother and the disciple Jesus loved, Jesus would have said, behold MY brother, but Jesus did not. Sess why Jesus honoured Mary sister of Lazarus and not His own mother in Luke 10:38-42 and understand. Remember Mary sister of Lazarus, for she anointed Jesus at the hour of His death. (Matthew 26:13, John 11:1-2, Luke 10:38-42) I am not a Christian, I am a disciple of Jesus, and I not only read each and every word the man called Jesus alone spoke, but I do as all the words Jesus only spoke tell me to do. I am Gnostic, for I am one who believes in only the teachings of the Holy Ghost and the Spirit of Truth. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post robert C Lv
7 1 decade ago she stayed by her son for 30 odd years, was with him when they took him down from the cross while the others fled,
and luke 2:19 . 34-38 and after the boy was found in the temple , verse 51 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago What???
A Catholic???
Trying to CHEAT!?!?!?
Such a thing has never happened!!!!
I suppose technically what you are doing is not cheating in the eyes of the Pope since he really doesn't want you to read the Bible for yourself anyway.
I recommend getting to know God for real.
Read your Bible.
Do your homework.
Be honest.
Find a real church. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? If you take lsd, dmt, and magic mushrooms 🍄 would you see god? Are atheists into child porn? Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? Was Jesus Christ a white supremacist Facist ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites