Question on Luke 16:19-31? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
7 years ago Question on Luke 16:19-31? What beatitude, virtue or commandment would this passage reinforce? I'm so confused, could you explain in detail? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Роберт Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer . Luke 16:19-31 has absolutely nothing to do with the beatitudes, Here the spiritual things are represented, in a description of the different state of good and bad, in this world and in the other. We are not told that the rich man got his estate by fraud, or oppression; but Christ shows, that a man may have a great deal of the wealth, pomp, and pleasure of this world, yet perish for ever under God's wrath and curse. The sin of this rich man was his providing for himself only. Here is a godly man, and one that will hereafter be happy for ever, in the depth of adversity and distress. It is often the lot of some of the dearest of God's saints and servants to be greatly afflicted in this world. We are not told that the rich man did him any harm, but we do not find that he had any care for him. Here is the different condition of this godly poor man, and this wicked rich man, at and after death. The rich man in hell lifted up his eyes, being in torment. It is not probable that there are discourses between glorified saints and damned sinners, but this dialogue shows the hopeless misery and fruitless desires, to which condemned spirits are brought. There is a day coming, when those who now hate and despise the people of God, would gladly receive kindness from them. But the damned in hell shall not have the least abatement of their torment. Sinners are now called upon to remember; but they do not, they will not, they find ways to avoid it. As wicked people have good things only in this life, and at death are for ever separated from all good, so godly people have evil things only in this life, and at death they are for ever put from them. In this world, blessed be God, there is no gulf between a state of nature and grace, we may pass from sin to God; but if we die in our sins, there is no coming out. The rich man had five brethren, and would have them stopped in their sinful course; their coming to that place of torment, would make his misery the worse, who had helped to show them the way thither. How many would now desire to recall or to undo what they have written or done! Those who would make the rich man's praying to Abraham justify praying to saints departed, go far to seek for proofs, when the mistake of a damned sinner is all they can find for an example. And surely there is no encouragement to follow the example, when all his prayers were made in vain. A messenger from the dead could say no more than what is said in the Scriptures. The same strength of corruption that breaks through the convictions of the written word, would triumph over a witness from the dead. Let us seek to the law and to the testimony, Isa_8:19, Isa_8:20, for that is the sure word of prophecy, upon which we may rest, 2Pe_1:19. Circumstances in every age show that no terrors, or arguments, can give true repentance without the special grace of God renewing the sinner's heart. . 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
6 7 years ago Riches and worldly success are meaningless if you don't put God first. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why are the silly agnostic atheists almost as deluded as the dumb Christians? Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? Is it ok to wash peoples feet? Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? If you take lsd, dmt, and magic mushrooms 🍄 would you see god? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites