what would scare you more,a woman wearing a niqab(veil) shopping with her children, or a burly man walking in? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
1 decade ago what would scare you more,a woman wearing a niqab(veil) shopping with her children, or a burly man walking in? A SHOP WITH A CRASH HELMET ON, niqab,crash helmet= covering your face Answer Save 18 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The first thing that you need to understand, very clearly, is that nobody is scared of the Muslims. Fact is that everybody is disgusted with the Muslims and finds them a big pain in the butt and an unnecessary burden of uneducated, unemployable people where a large majority of them are living off our Welfare doles and benefits and where we are finding more and more of them are involved with scams. Most of the Muslims are cab drivers and janitors and low tech unskilled labor. Hardly a single digit percentage of them are educated and employed.
And, the kind of things they are doing make their presence anywhere totally undesired. The World is sending the Muslims a clear Message, just in case you didn't notice it. They are telling you to go back to your desert. Either way, whether you like it or not, the anti-Islamic sentiment is rising everywhere and it's only a matter of time before all the Muslims, including the very small minority of the decent Muslims will be removed from all our Societies. What you are missing out, totally, is the fact that nobody cares what happens to all of you Muslims, anymore. If someone is scared of the Muslim woman in a burkha and thinks she is a suicide bomber and shoots her, nobody is going to fault it. In fact, that guy will get all the support because burkha clad suicide bombers have happened. And you want to scream yourself hoarse over it? Go ahead. No one cares any more. 0 4 3 Login to reply the answers Post Raatz Lv
7 1 decade ago Do niqabs really scare people? Neither are scary. I might think someone was robbing the place if they came in wearing a ski mask, but then again it might be 40 below. People need to stop being such *******. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post aaronmsl Lv
7 1 decade ago Where I live, most stores won't let you in if you're wearing a helmet. In fact, walk into a bank wearing a helmet and they will call the police immediately, no questions asked. Thus, no one does it.
Women in veils don't scare me - it annoys me, because it's another symbol of stupidity holding sway over people, but it's hardly terrifying. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post benthic_man Lv
6 1 decade ago Any sort of muslim garb. Sorry, I see a big dude with a helmet on, I figure he's merely simple. I see a woman with the full headgear, I wonder if I'm about to get blown up. Jerry's Kids haven't blown up any highrises in my neck of the woods lately. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Safe Sax Lv
5 1 decade ago Don't be ridiculous. Men don't walk around with helmets on!
When they get off their motorbike, they remove their helmet so they can see better!
Bad example.
FAIL! We aren't "afraid" of women in niqabs.
We just think they look silly.
I personally think of veils as being used mostly by belly dancers. Do Muslim women like looking like belly dancers in totally unsexy, black
fabric body bags? 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Abi Lv
7 1 decade ago Neither of those would scare me, why would they? I see lots of women in veil's and lots of bike couriers walking around with their crash helmets on, and I can honestly say, not one of them has ever scared me in the slightest:) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Inconsipcuous Lv
4 1 decade ago Everyone should be free to practice their religious beliefs. I was born Muslim myself, and In moderate Islam teachings it is only mandatory for a women to cover her body , and her hair.She can wear what she wants as long as it is not tight, or showing her body details. You can see that religous Christians and Jews wear something similar.Jew women cover their hair
when praying, and Christian nuns wear the same exact clothing that Muslim women wear. In the end, as a woman I'm free to choose to wear" hijab" or not.Niqab is not mandatory at all in moderate Islamic teachings.It was a custom in Sahara, as they were trying to avoid the sun heat, and the sandy weather. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Witch King of Angmar Lv
4 1 decade ago To be fair, I'd have no reason to be particularly scared unless either of them were holding a gun or a bomb. The aforementioned 'burly man' might have (probably) taken his motorbike to the shop. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 1 decade ago what about a burly man with a veil? I think that would scare me the most... Jeez I think the only thing scarier would be a burly man with a veil and some nipple tassles. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post Nick 1 decade ago the first one 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (8) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions are drunkards going to heaven? When you hear that someone you don't really like is in difficulty, do you like to say that you're sending them your thoughts and prayers? Can atheists become lycanthropes or is it only a theistic affliction? Do you believe my girlfriend really is cleopatra and I am Mark Anthony from a past life? If God has power? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites