What's so wrong with a "Homosexual Agenda"? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products BrunoPerezDugas BrunoPerezDugas
asked in
Society & Culture Cultures & Groups Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgendered
·
1 decade ago What's so wrong with a "Homosexual Agenda"? I ask fellow LGBT people what's wrong with it because to me even the most negative aspects of a hidden "Homosexual Agenda" are positive things looking to make up for the years of unequal rights in America. According to those who define the aspects are 1) Talk about gays and gayness as loudly and as often as possible. 2) Portray gays as victims, not as aggressive challengers 3)Give homosexual protectors a just cause 4) Make gays look good 5) Make the victimizers look bad 6) Get funds from corporate America. Point 1- Why shouldnt we talk about it as much as possible we hear about straight people all the time. Point 2- We are victims, we dont run this country or control its inequalities. Point 3- The bad straights make the good straights look like traitors to their orientation when all their doing is helping us become equal. Point 4- Why shouldn't gays look good, we've always been portrayed as bad but have rarely been bad. Point 5- Why shouldn't we make victimizers look bad, they hate us for being gay why shouldn't we destroy them. Point 6- Funding from Corporate America will help our various causes why should getting it be a bad thing. My point is to all the homophobes who think we have an Agenda, we do so why can't us LGBT people embrace the agenda to its fullest as our means of crippling those who cripple us. Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Tiffany 1 decade ago Favorite Answer My biggest beef with the homosexual agenda is the hypocrisy. Yes, I do believe I should have the right to proclaim I'm a lesbian. I believe I should have the right to show up to work as my true gender, not the one I was erroneously assigned at birth. However, I believe in rights for ALL people, not just gays, lesbians, bis, and transgendered/transsexuals. We have a constitutional right to express our opinions. Telling people that they can't say that homosexuality is a sin or unnatural won't remove that mindset. People will take it into hiding. Preachers will be arrested for reading out loud from a book. Eventually people will get sick of it and it will go from court battles to physical battles. My uncles and cousins fought, and one even died (not in the war, but as a delayed result from a wooden bullet a Japanese soldier put in his leg) to ensure our rights. Not only the right to say that I'm a lesbian and that I was born in the wrong body, but the rights of the preachers to say homosexuality is a sin, the right of one of my friends to say "you're not a woman. You're just confused and deceived by Satan." The hypocrisy comes in when the LGB community (I intentionally left the T out, more on that later) says that they should have a right to express themselves in any way they see fit, then turns around and says that anyone who disagrees with them should be arrested or at least cut off from society. When they think they have a right to use derogatory terms like "breeders," but think words like "***," "queer," "*****," etc. should result in a prison sentence. Or when they want a heavier punishment when a murder was committed because the victim was gay. Here's an idea. Why not demand the most severe punishment for murder period? Why give a heavier sentence to a man who kills a gay man than to someone who kills a woman in a domestic abuse situation, or when some punk kid kills another kid over a pair of shoes? or when someone gets caught in the crossfire of a gang war? All of the reasons I listed are just as bad as killing over sexual orientation, so why not give all murderers across the board the most severe punishment possible? And why put the T in LGBT? At the risk of sounding racist, my people are to them what black entertainers were to Vaudeville. "Get out there, do your song and dance, and if you do well enough we may let you pull a meal out of the dumpster on your way out the back door." The only rights we need are the right not to be fired or refused a job for our orientation, which we've already won, the right not to be killed because of our orientation, which, as far as I know murder has been illegal since the foundation of the country, and the right to live as who we are, not who others say we are, but the homosexual agenda seems to want nothing to do with that, anyway. I didn't mention marriage because it's not even a right for straight people. It's a privilege given by the state that can be denied for any number of reasons. Legally, even though I consider myself a lesbian, I can marry a woman because in the eyes of the state I'm male. However, if I were to go to the courthouse with my girlfriend tomorrow they could refuse to issue a certificate of marriage for any number of reasons. Rights can't be denied in the way marriage can be. The homosexual agenda claims equal rights for all, but it all comes down to trying to get more rights than straight people and in the process shutting out people (namely the transgendered community) who should be your biggest allies. That's not the America I grew up in, and I sure as hell don't want it to be the America my children grow up in. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Nate Lv
7 1 decade ago 1: This would kind of **** me off even though I'm all for gay rights. While it is currently necessary my end goal is to make special days to celebrate any given person's differences from the "norm" useless and pointless as people should be accepted for what they are. 2: Depends on how this is executed, if its when there is wrongdoing that's great, but some people, gay or straight, like to play victim in situations in which there isn't really anything to do with their "differences" 3: We don't already have a just cause? Equal rights seems pretty just to me 4: Also stupid. Any group at all has good and bad people. People need to learn to stop looking at people as clump groups and start looking at people as individuals independent of their arbitrary groups. 5: See #3 for one issue on this, some people will play victim when they should not. 6: Uh...what? I mean yeah its great to get monitory support to gain equality but after that why should you receive anything more then anyone else just for being gay? That's like saying I deserve money for being blond. Mind you this is AFTER equality is gained. To sum it up: I have no issues with equality and think it MUST be gained for the betterment of mankind, but I think any "agenda" that tries to elevate any group above any other is bad. So...as long as its dropped as an issue once equality is gained, that works for me. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post resser Lv
4 4 years ago the situation is that a Christian believes that homosexuals are no longer born that way through fact God did no longer make homosexuals, it fairly is their option to be this style and it fairly is a sin. Many persons experience they have been born that way. Their sin isn't the situation, or it is going to no longer be a minimum of. that's the certainty that it fairly is a sin and it seperates one from God. however the certainty is that many many many human beings besides the christian do no longer trust homosexuality for various motives. it variety of feels that numerous human beings placed all the anti-homosexuality on the christian. and you asserting that is "usual" does not set up it as so, as you suggested... "Homosexuals are born gay. there is numerous them accessible. could this no longer then symbolize it as being "usual" (a minimum of for the gay)? And as for "tolerable"--are not we people who make the regulations approximately what's tolerable and insupportable? If homosexuality is "usual", as familiar above, then why could it no longer be "tolerable"? Is it hurting everybody?" somebody else suggested homosexuality replaced into usual and organic or it does no longer exsist...there are a number of many stuff in this worldwide that exsist that are no longer usual or organic. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago You crippled yourself when you quit being a man.
I've never found a group of people with so many excuses.
I haven't read one thing that actually shows homosexuality exists. Can you produce something that I cannot prove false?
Why wouldn't people object? A group of people with mental disorders don't want people calling them crazy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Shut up I'm Meddy Lv
7 1 decade ago So is that what the "Gay Agenda" is? I never knew that so I guess you just answered a Q for me. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mark Lv
7 1 decade ago I don't see anything wrong with people who are openly gay/bisexual, I myself am. But I really can't stand closet cases that straight, and bash gay people, when they are gay themselves. Source(s):
I agree 100% 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Haunted Lv
5 1 decade ago we GAYS HAVE A BIG AGENDA.. EQUALS RIGHTS. REPEAL DONT ASK DONT TELL, EQUAL EMPLOYMENT NON DISCRIMINATION ACT, MARRIAGE EQUALITY, AND WE ARE WELL UNDERWAY... AFTER FIGHTING NON STOP SINCE THE 60'S WE ARE FINALLY STARTING TO GET SOMEWHERE... THIS IS BIG NEWS.
HELL YA WE HAVE A GAY AGENDA AND HELL YA WE DESERVE IT. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Shaken Lv
5 1 decade ago nothing, i think. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it bad to be a homosexual? 12 answers Are you homophobic if you don’t accept a transgender person‘s new gender? 36 answers Is being gay like being a girl but trapped in a man’s body? 13 answers LGBT: Do you realize that Joe Biden was against gay marriage until 2012? 14 answers Is gender defined by your chromosomes or your feelings? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is the term 'woman' a social construct? if youre gay/lesbian, when or how did you realize you were homosexual? Why do gay guys act femmine and others masculine? Everytime i dream about your stinky manly feet in my feminine penis i get wet dreams? Am I attractive? I'm a middle aged cis gay from Michigan? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites