Have we all not made some mistake here or there, if not more than a few? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
1 decade ago Have we all not made some mistake here or there, if not more than a few? What was that my old friend Dave used to day "NO DOUBT DUDE!", you can count on it! Salam :)
Let say say Al hamdoullah, or Thank God Amin! :P No, how about a Yell Ya?lol!
I am sure we can move forward in a much better light inshAllah ya Rub I will pray for that! Be Khair inshAllah Amin Ouzibillahi Mina shytan Al Rajeem Bismillahi Al Rahman Al Raheem THE TIME (103) (al-asr) Number of verses: 3 In the Name of God, the Beneficent, the Merciful By the time (of the advent of Islam), (103:1) the human being is doomed to suffer loss, (2) except the righteously striving believers who exhort each other to truthful purposes and to patience (3). Amin. EXCEPT IS A BIG WORD OBVIOUSLY THERE IS SOME EXCEPTIONS huh? Ya haha I guess so! Update : Is it too hard for you to say Thank God? Update 2 : What is stopping you from saying it, and instead you answer this way? Is something beside you telling you to answer this way, or is that just yourself? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance zahid Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer YES , we all make mistakes ,
Ouzibillahi Mina shytan Al Rajeem Bismillahi Al Rahman Al Raheem [1-3] By the Time! Man is surely in loss, except those who believed and did good works, and exhorted one another to Truth, and exhorted one another to patience.*1 * 1)
In this Surah an oath has been sworn by the Time to impress the point that man is in sheer loss and only those people are an exception from the loss who are characterized by four qualities:
(1) Faith,
(2) righteous deeds,
(3) exhorting one another to Truth, and
(4) exhorting one another to patience.
Let us consider each of these parts separately in order to understand the meaning fully.
As for the oath, we have explained several times above that Allah has not sworn an oath by any of the created objects on account of its glory or its excellence and wonderful qualities but for the reason that it testifies to the truth which is meant to be established. Therefore, the oath by Time signifies that Time is witness to the truth that man is in sheer loss except for the people who possess the four qualities.
Now, let us consider the four qualities on the existence of which depends man's being secure from loss and failure.
Of these the first quality is Iman (Faith). Although this word at some places in the Qur'an has been used in the meaning of only verbal affirmation of Faith (e.g. in An-Nisa': 137, AI-Ma'idah 54, Al-Anfal: 20, 27, At-Taubah: 38, As-Saff: 2) it has primarily been used in the meaning of believing sincerely and faithfully, and in the Arabic language also this word has this very meaning. Lexically, amanu lahu means saddaqa-hu wa `tamada 'alai-hi: "affirmed him and put faith in him", and amana bi-hi means aiqana bi hi: "had full faith in him." The Faith which the Qur'an regards as true Faith has been explained in the following verses:
"In fact, true believers are those who believed in Allah and His Messenger, then entertained no doubt." (Al-Hujurat: 15)
"Those who said: 'Allah is our Lord', and then stood steadfast by it." (Ha Mim As-Sajdah : 30)
"True believers are those whose hearts tremble with awe, whenever Allah is mentioned to them. (AI-Anfal : 2).
"Those who have believed adore Allah most ardently." (AI-Baqarah 165)
"Nay, (O Prophet), by your Lord, they can never become believers until they accept you as judge for the decision of the disputes between them, and then surrender to your decision with entire submission without the least resentment in their hearts." (An-Nisa': 65). The following verse is even more explicit as regards the distinction between verbal affirmation of Faith and true Faith; it says that what is actually desirable is true Faith and not mere verbal affirmation of the Faith:
"O you who profess to have believed, believe sincerely in Allah and His Messenger." (An-Nisa': 136) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Yes. We have all made mistakes and will continue to. Noone is perfect. But we can learn from our mistakes and try not to make the avoidable ones. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Alyssa Lv
5 1 decade ago I got like 40% of what you said there, lol. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post lolwat 1 decade ago lolwat 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do you believe my girlfriend really is cleopatra and I am Mark Anthony from a past life? How and why do some humans develop a belief in a god or gods? What goes on, in terms of psychology? When you hear that someone you don't really like is in difficulty, do you like to say that you're sending them your thoughts and prayers? Before the Crucifixion, did the Romans brutally sodomize Jesus's butthole and piss up his colon? Why do some religious people have sentiments like ‘the world is going to end, let’s just all die together.’? Where do such notions come from? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites