Should the West be allowed to plunder 3rd world nations by encouraging their best and brightest to immigrate? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Zarathustra Zarathustra
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
7 years ago Should the West be allowed to plunder 3rd world nations by encouraging their best and brightest to immigrate? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Rick Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer If they would allow people to keep what they earn they could have the same standard of living as the west. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Hell Kitty Lv
7 7 years ago Not a problem at all.Usually 3rd world country doesn't provide opportunity for best and brightest anyway, it will not profit to keep them.lets say someone can invent cure for cancer, but he cannot access facilities and materials at his home, so either it won't be cure for cancer or it happens in
better country. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Another genius who thinks they can control things 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? Atheists: What do you think of Carl Jung and his work on the collective unconscious? Why are the silly agnostic atheists almost as deluded as the dumb Christians? Atheism is the knowledge that gods simply don't exist. When will agnostics jump off their fence and finally realize this "fact"? If you take lsd, dmt, and magic mushrooms 🍄 would you see god? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites