So now that Prince Albert of Monaco is settling down...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products chickchick chickchick
asked in
Society & Culture Royalty
·
1 decade ago So now that Prince Albert of Monaco is settling down...? http://perezhilton.com/2008-03-13-playboy-prince-s... Well its a rumor, but will Caroline , Andrea and Charlotte be the next STILL to the throne or will the "new" kids he has with this woman be the heirs to the throne? Because those kids would be accepted not like the other two he has. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer If Prince Albert II of Monaco marries this woman, then their union is legal under the Catholic Church, therefore, their offspring will be the legitimate heir/heiress to the throne. The current heiress presumptive to the Monaco crown is still Caroline, Hereditary Princess of Monaco, since her brother Prince Albert remains unmarried and has no legitimate children, if that situation remains unchanged and she outlives him Caroline will one day become the second Sovereign Princess in Monaco's history.
Caroline first became Hereditary Princess of Monaco at birth. From the birth of her only brother until his accession to the throne as Albert II, she was legally Princess Caroline of Monaco.At Albert's accession she resumed the position of heiress presumptive and Hereditary Princess. So long as Prince Albert remains without legitimate, dynastic issue, Princess Caroline remains first in line to succeed him on the throne. However, Albert's firstborn legitimate child would displace her in the line of succession and become Hereditary Prince/ss, either as Albert's heir apparent if male, or as his heir presumptive if female. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The children of Albert and a legally-bound wife would be next in line of succession,followed by Caroline and her children.And, if Albert were to die before his children were of age to reign,Caroline and/or her children would take the job until Albert's heir was of age to take over. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post katlvr125 Lv
7 1 decade ago Until their union is done Caroline and her kids are heirs to the throne. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Of course his children will take the first place, just as, if Prince Philip of Spain has a son, he will push their daughter down a notch, and William pushed Andrew down a notch, and so on, and so on. The only place I know of where that DOESN'T happen is Saudi Arabia, where the new King Abdullah, who was the brother of the previous king, and son of the king before him (names exscape me here) was not pushed down by the (presumably) gazillions of nephews he has. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Double Black- The Wise One Lv
5 1 decade ago He is too ugly to be a Prince anyway.
The throne should be given to a young, handsome, classy, rich boy & his Swedish Royal Girl Freind. Martha Stewart is too much bossy. I guess. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Albert was sodomised by Martha Strewart. Source(s):
The woman next door. 0 0 4 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Does sitting around drinking tea and watching soccer sound really boring to you? 17 answers whose idea was it for prince andrew to stand down from royal duties? 11 answers At age 32, why had Prince Charles not yet found someone he actually loved to marry ? 8 answers Did Meghan Markle drop Jessica Mulroney as her BFF? 11 answers how old is the queen of England? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why is the Queen such a bland, boring, unintelligent woman? Is Sir Prince Philip angered by the EGLM protests in Onchan on the Isle of Man? At age 32, why had Prince Charles not yet found someone he actually loved to marry ? Why do Americans think that kings are dictators yet love the British Royal Family? Who are the descendants of Queen Esther? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites