Are the Mosques the REAL source of rebellion and contempt in Egypt and Arab countries? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Holidays Ramadan
·
9 years ago Are the Mosques the REAL source of rebellion and contempt in Egypt and Arab countries? Are Mosques Imams really helping to bring in "democracy", or they rather push for radicalism and hatred towards the US and Israel? Update : iPɑki - where do you Alawaki came out of? the sewer? He preached IN A MOSQUE originally. Update 2 : iPɑki - where do you Alawaki came out of? the sewer? He preached IN A MOSQUE originally. Update 3 : Isa James - in case you did not see it, the are 'internal forces' moving Arab countries towards hating the US and Israel, no matter what. Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer If you ask me, they are mostly fatcats sucking up to you for your Zakat money. The more money you give them, the friendlier and more unctuous they are toward you. It is the truth.
Talk money to Imams, especially donations and see quickly how their eyes widen and how their hands rub non-stop. When you see anyone rubbing hands round most vigorously and non-stop, take that as a sign of GREED. You can see greed reflected in the numerous decorations of their Mosques. Look at the GOLD on the Mosques' domes, columns, walls, etc. Even look at their most ornate doors and door handles. Mosques are the sources of great riches, more than enough to feed the starving world. Many Mosques are decorated in gold, silver and precious stones such as diamonds, rubies etc. 0 2 6 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago As far as I see the quest for democracy has not been too effective so far. I have not experienced hatred to the USA preached in any Mosque. Any ill feeling towards the USA is caused by the USA constantly attacking Muslim countries and killing
Muslims simply because Israel wants it to. Israel constantly expands its borders and destroys palestinian settlements to illegally build new settlements, that have been banned by the UN. There are numerous UN resolutions against Israel even though the USA tries to veto them all. [="Oops!"=] 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Tundra Rob Lv
7 9 years ago The people of Egypt are protesting against the government, and demanding democracy and human rights. The protests are aimed against government figures, there are no protests against mosques or any other religious institution.. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Arqam Lv
6 9 years ago well, Isael and America had always hated
us if we don't approve on what they say , so even the Arab communistic people will bomb the oil lines pumped to Israel. Egyptians want justice internal and external as hoped. Islam is always fighting for peace and justice and we know that!!asking for not being pressured economically and politically after disobeying America and Israel will be called "hatred"!! why? EDIT: the bottom line : AMERICA AND ISRAEL DIDN'T LET ANYBODY LOVE THEM!!! 0 2 4 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 9 years ago I thought they were in favor of perpetuating Stone Aged religious beliefs. 0 4 2 Login to reply the answers Post Enlightened Lv
6 9 years ago I believe it's the poverty of the people! 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post ? 9 years ago Wow you fight supposed corruption and propaganda with...corrupt propaganda.
Nice going. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Brothers and sisters don't feel sorry for George Floyd . He was a 10 year criminal , a threat to a lady's life, and involved in porn? 4 answers Will Allah answer my dua'a? 7 answers Can the name Nur el Din نور الدين‎ be used for girls also? 4 answers I've sinned so much doing major sins . What can I do to be forgiven ? I've committed so many bad thoughts and made so many errors? 5 answers Ramadan.who is in charge of Pakistan? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I prayed istikhara dua yesterday and I saw a decline in my dream for what I am seeking for. What does this mean ? How do you find peace when you are struggling in the moments for it as a result of abuse from the past ? If parents don't allow being in bed at first for some time after being married , should I follow this or do I have right to do what I want ? Protester hypocrisy? Are Muslims bad for western society? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites