How could I learn tenses well and use them effectively? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Gone Car Gone Car
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
1 decade ago How could I learn tenses well and use them effectively? Update : I meant in english language Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance shiva 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Grammatical tense is a way languages express the time at which an event described by a sentence occurs. In English, this is a property of a verb form, and expresses only time-related information. Tense, along with mood, voice and person, are four ways in which verb forms are frequently characterized, in languages where those categories apply. There are languages (mostly isolating languages, like Chinese) where tense is not expressed anywhere in the verb or any auxiliaries, but only as adverbs of time, when needed for comprehension; in the same condition, grammatical tense in certain languages can be expressed optionally (such as Vietnamese,) for example, "sinh" meaning "birth" and "sanh" meaning "birthed"; and there are also languages (such as Russian) where verbs indicate aspect rather than tense. The exact number of tenses in a language is often a matter of some debate, since many languages include the state of certainty of the information, the frequency of the event, whether it is ongoing or finished, and even whether the information was directly experienced or gleaned from hearsay, as moods or tenses of a verb. Some grammarians consider these to be separate tenses, and some do not. Tenses cannot be easily mapped from one language into another. While all languages have a "default" tense with a name usually translated as "present tense" (or "simple present"), the actual meaning of this tense may vary considerably. Classification of tenses Tenses can be broadly classified as: absolute: indicates time in relationship to the time of the utterance (i.e. "now"). For example, "I am sitting down", the tense is indicated in relation to the present moment.
relative: in relationship to some other time, other than the time of utterance, e.g. "Strolling through the shops, she saw a nice dress in the window". Here, the "saw" is relative to the time of the "strolling". The relationship between the time of "strolling" and the time of utterance is not clearly specified.
absolute-relative: indicates time in relationship to some other event, whose time in turn is relative to the time of utterance. (Thus, in absolute-relative tense, the time of the verb is indirectly related to the time of the utterance; in absolute tense, it is directly related; in relative tense, its relationship to the time of utterance is left unspecified.) For example, "When I walked through the park, I saw a bird." Here, "saw" is present relative to the "walked", and "walked" is past relative to the time of the utterance, thus "saw" is in absolute-relative tense.
Moving on from this, tenses can be quite finely distinguished from one another, although no language will express simply all of these distinctions. As we will see, some of these tenses in fact involve elements of modality (e.g. predictive and not-yet tenses), but they are difficult to classify clearly as either tenses or moods. Many languages define tense not just in terms of past/future/present, but also in terms of how far into the past or future they are. Thus they introduce concepts of closeness or remoteness, or tenses that are relevant to the measurement of time into days (hodiernal or hesternal tenses). Some languages also distinguish not just between past, present, and future, but also nonpast, nonpresent, nonfuture. Each of these latter tenses incorporates two of the former, without specifying which. Some tenses: Absolute tenses
Future tenses. Some languages have different future tenses to indicate how far into the future we are talking about. Some of these include:
Close future tense: in the near future, soon
Hodiernal future tense: sometime today
Post-hodiernal future tense: sometime after today
Remote future tense: in the more distant future
Predictive future tense: a future tense which expresses a prediction rather than an intention, i.e. "I predict he will lose the election, although I want him to win". As such, it is really more of a mood than a tense. (Its tenseness rather than modality lies in the fact that you can predict the future, but not the past.)
Nonfuture tense: refers to either the present or the past, but does not clearly specify which. Contrasts with future.
Nonpast tense: refers to either the present or the future, but does not clearly specify which. Contrasts with past.
Not-yet tense: has not happened in present or past (nonfuture), but often with the implication that it is expected to happen in the future. (As such, is both a tense and a modality). In English, it is expressed with "not yet", hence its name.
Past tenses. Some languages have different past tenses to indicate how far into the past we are talking about.
Hesternal past tense: yesterday or early, but not remote
Hodiernal past tense: sometime earlier today
Immediate past tense: very recent past tense, e.g. in the last minute or two
Recent past tense: in the last few days/weeks/months (exact definition varies)
Remote past tense: more than a few days/weeks/months ago (exact definition varies)
Nonrecent past tense: not recent past tense, contrasting with recent past tense
Nonremote past tense: not remote past tense, contrasting with remote past tense
Prehesternal past tense: before hesternal past tense
Prehodiernal past tense: before hodiernal past tense
Preterit: past tense not marked for aspect or modality
Present tense
Still tense: indicates a situation held to be the case, at or immediately before the utterance
Absolute-relative tenses
future perfect tense: will have completed by some time in the future, will occur before some time in the future
future-in-future tense: at some time in the future, will still be in the future
future-in-past tense: at some time in the future, will be in the past
future-perfect-in-past tense: will be completed by some time which is in the future of some time in the past, eg., Sally went to work; by the time she should be home, the burglary would have been completed. (this tense does not make much sense, ask a local English professional before using it)
past perfect tense: at some time in the past, was already in the past
Relative tenses
relative future tense: is in the future of some unspecified time
relative nonfuture tense: is in the past or present of some unspecified time
relative nonpast tense: is in the present or future of some unspecified time
relative past tense: is in the past of some unspecified time
relative present tense: is in the present of some unspecified time
Tense in English is a recursive system in which a primary tense is modified by a sequence of secondary tenses using the verbs "to be", "to have" and "to go", each expressing past, present or future relative to the time selected in the previous tense. Thus, "She has been eating" can be referred to as the present in past in present tense; similarly, "I was going to have been working" is present in past in future in past. it is possible to create up to 36 finite, non-modal tenses. The expression of voice is an extension of that of tense. The active voice has no explicit marker; the passive is expressed by "be" or "get" plus [verb]-en (past/passive participle), appearing as an additional modifying element at the end. The passive thus functions like an extra secondary tense: it displays a distinctive combination of presentness ("be") and pastness ([verb]-en) suggesting "to be in a present condition resulting from a past event", e.g., "are joined" as in "the two halves of the city are joined by a bridge". For most of the history of English, the number of passive tenses has, as far as we can tell, lagged behind the number of the active ones. But over the past three centuries, the passives have caught up, and now every active tense has its passive counterpart, formed in this manner as an extension of the logical structure of tenses. The more elaborate constructions of tense/voice are rarely used, but plausible in speech and writing. For example, in speech, the following sequence of five tense choices, including the passive, is possible: "It'll've been going to've been being tested". Another way of seeing the system is that the major tenses in English result from combining each of four times (past, present, future, future-in-past) with each of four aspects (simple, continuous--also known as "progressive" or "imperfect", perfect, continuous perfect). (According to linguist W.B. Lockwood, continuous tenses in English are a result of Celtic influence). Simple present (or simply "present"): "I listen." For many verbs, this is used to express habit or ability ("I play the guitar").
Present continuous: "I am listening." This is used to express what most other languages use the simple present tense for. Note that this form in English can also be used to express future actions, such as in the phrase "We're seeing a film tonight".
Present perfect (or simply perfect): "I have listened." This is used to express a completed action that took place at an non-specific moment in the past, and that has an ongoing relevance in the present. It blurs the line between a present and a past tense: it is conjugated using the present tense of the verb have, and cannot be used in such a sentence as *"Bob, who is now dead, has seen the movie many times", but on the other hand, there is not a great difference in meaning between "I did it many times" (using the past tense) and "I've done it many times."
Present perfect continuous: "I have been listening." This is used to express that an event started at some time in the past and continues to the present.
Past tenses
Simple past: "I listened." This is used to express a completed action that took place at a specific moment in the past. (In English, unlike some other languages with aorist tenses, this tense implies that the action took place in the past and that it is not taking place now.)
Present perfect: these are described above, under the "present tenses" heading.
Past perfect or Pluperfect: "I had listened." This expresses an action completed prior to some other action in the past. The pluperfect is thus expressing an action even more in the past.
Past continuous (or imperfect): "I was listening." This is used to express an incomplete action in the past. (Thus an "imperfect" action, as opposed to a completed and therefore "perfect" action.)
Past perfect continuous or simply "perfect continuous": "I had been listening." Usually expressed with a duration, this indicates that an event was ongoing for a specific time, then completed before a specific event.
Future tenses
Simple future: "I shall/will listen." This is used to express that an event will occur in the future, or that the speaker intends to perform some action.
Future continuous: "I shall/will be listening." This is used to express an ongoing event that has not yet been initiated.
Future perfect: "I shall/will have listened." This indicates an action which will occur before some other action in the future: Normally two actions are expressed, and the future perfect indicates an action which will occur in the future but will, at the time of the main future action expressed, be in the past (e.g. "I will know the tune next week because I will have listened to it").
Future perfect continuous: "I shall/will have been listening." Expresses an ongoing action that occurs in the future, before some other event expressed in the future.
Conditional tenses
Present conditional or simply "conditional": "I would listen." This is used to express that an event would occur in the future in the past, or that the speaker intended to perform some action.
Present continuous conditional: "I would be listening." This is used to express an ongoing event that had not yet been initiated.
Conditional perfect: "I would have listened." Indicates that an action would occur after some other event.
Conditional perfect continuous: "I would have been listening": Expresses an ongoing action that would occur in the future in the past, after some other event.
Usage and auxiliaries Auxiliary verbs may be used to define tense, aspect, or mood of a verb phrase. For example, the continuous form "going to" is used for some future based tenses: "I am going to listen."
"I was going to listen."
In addition, forms of "do" are used for some negatives, questions and emphasis of the simple present and simple past: "Do I listen?" "I do not listen." "I do listen!"
"Did I listen?" "I did not listen." "I did listen!"
See Auxiliary verb for more examples and details. Arbitrary nature of the tense system It should be understood that the division of tenses into past, present and future is arbitrary. The pre-Socratic philosopher Parmenides argued that the past and future were, in effect, virtual and do not exist. All existence is confined to the present. If we accept his argument then the tenses represent a variety of ways of talking about the present. Thinking this way might well clear up many areas of confusion and make some tenses easier for the language learner to understand besides demanding greater clarity of thought on the part of those who would teach any tense system. Source(s):
CLICK HERE
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_grammar#Tense 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago You can learn tenses by visiting a site that teachs English....!
A decade ago to learn English, you had to attend costly English classes or purchase course material like tapes and books. Now you can learn English for free from the comfort of your home using the Internet. The BBC and the British Council offer a number of on line courses, which teach written and spoken English.
You can also improve your English by watching television programs and reading English newspapers. For more information, visit
http://tinyurl.com/qnzpt Source(s):
http://tinyurl.com/qnzpt 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post 2K Lv
4 1 decade ago Practice. & Read 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post triniqueen40 Lv
4 1 decade ago In which language? How you use them will be different in every language. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in sneha 1 decade ago try in wikipedia.org 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 13 answers Native English speakers, could you please help me with these issues? 6 answers Why does Japan continue to embarrass itself with it's complete inability to communicate in the English language? 14 answers I'd like to ask you something about a sentence which contains a past and an infinitive..? 4 answers How do you say beautiful life in French? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Could you please explain me what part fit the best? Do you agree that Pure Hindi is complicated but also interesting? is "Mazany" a Spanish/Latin American surname? Native English speakers, could you please help me with these issues? como puedo disculparme con mi novia por haberle sido infiel con mi prima de 11 años? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites