Is the Sicilian language very different from the Italian spoken on the mainland? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Romance Expert Romance Expert
asked in
Society & Culture Other - Society & Culture
·
5 years ago Is the Sicilian language very different from the Italian spoken on the mainland? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Anonymous 5 years ago Favorite Answer I am an American who speaks Italian.
When I go to Sicily, I can understand everyone except the old folks.
The people speak Sicilian dialect at home and with friends by not with me or in the work environment.
Sicilian is a dialect of Italian and so is a version of Italian.
I can understand some of the dialect but not all.
Italians can understand it though, so it is not THAT different. 1 2 1 Giuly Lv
7 5 years ago Report I'm Italian from northern Italy, I don't understand Sicilian at all as well as all northern Italians. Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why do some people think that because some cops are bad that all of them are? 4 answers My son supports the black people movement, how do I stop him? 104 answers Why are we treating health care workers like celebrities? 16 answers I'm an incel but I don't just hate women. I hate everything. What is it called when you hate all people? 5 answers Why can't humans see that dogs and animals are smarter than us? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why are English towns so repulsive and ugly with depressing names like Rochdale, Blackburn, Dudley, Swindon, Stockport, etc? If "Black Lives Matter" then what does that mean for other races? Don't they matter too?! ? why do certain races always want everything for free in the name of equality"? Which age range is better: 20s or 30s? Are those parents who favor certain children over others considered good psrents? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites