when will this world of misery come to an end? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products jacques l jacques l
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
1 decade ago when will this world of misery come to an end? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Steve Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Every misery in this world could be traced to a (or multiple) sin(s); whether it’s a personal sin or national sin or a cultural sin. As long as there is sin in this world, the misery will continue. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post the desert fox 1 decade ago 2012 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Noctis Lv
6 1 decade ago God does all things for good.
this world is in control by humans, creatures that by nature are weak and filled with conflict, so to answer your question, when God decides it ends.
Good will always triumph over evil.
80 years of misery, for eternity in the Kingdom to Come seems worth the wait. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago When we humans decide to do something about instead of waiting for a magical sky daddy to come along and make things better. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Ace of Spades Lv
5 1 decade ago When Richard Dawkins repents. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago When we learn to love our neighbor as ourselves. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago As soon as you decide it does, why is it so miserable, doesn't have to be. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post eye can see you Lv
4 1 decade ago soon end of days is nearly here.. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? Atheism is the knowledge that gods simply don't exist. When will agnostics jump off their fence and finally realize this "fact"? Is it ok to wash peoples feet? Why don't the R&S atheists know the difference between the 2 words "atheism" and "atheists"? Are atheists into child porn? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites