Why does everyone always abuse Germans? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Emily Lv
4 Emily
asked in
Society & Culture Cultures & Groups Other - Cultures & Groups
·
1 decade ago Why does everyone always abuse Germans? I know what they did in WW2 was awful and I am not trying to defend it (believe me, I'm part Jewish) but I feel that people are really abusing the new German youth for something their ancestors did. For someone being 1/2 German, I feel it is really offencive to call me and my relatives (who are very good people) nazis when we have not done anything wrong at all. A German exchange student I knew said that a man actually struck her and called her a nazi upon learning she was German. Don't you think that's a little extreme? I would say, that Germans today are overall as good people as any and you should all give them a chance. Update : I live in vancouver, But i'm mainly talking of when people have something to say about Germans on this Yahoo answers thinger. like, every freaking comment is super rude. Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance ♦♦♦ Liebestod ♦♦♦ Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Not surprising what you've related but it is a bit obscure for that to happen nowadays
Historically, however...a lot of German emigres in the USA during and after WW1suffered abuse. n the United States, for example between 1917-18, German-American schools and newspapers by the thousands were forced to permanently close. In cities and towns across the nation, libraries burned their German-language books in public burnings. The officials of German-named towns that had been founded by German-Americans were intimidated by county, state, and federal government officials into anglicizing their names, and into destroying all traces of their German heritage. In cities across the United States, German-sounding street names were banned. To bring home the absurdity of it all, even owning a dachshund was at one time perceived as unpatriotic in some parts of the US. Then came the 2nd WW...and that really made things worse.
Following its entry into World War II, the US Government interned at least 11,000 American citizens of German ancestry. The last to be released, a German-American, remained imprisoned until 1948 at Ellis Island, three and a half years after the cessation of hostilities against Germany! Even owning a GSD (German Shepherd dog) made you sometimes suspect of having Nazi sympathies! You can't even speak German, even the Swiss-German dialect if you want to be likeable! And not only in America has anti-German feelings manifested itself. It happened in Australia, the UK, even in Brazil. In the Netherlands alone, a waning anti-German sentiment still exists, usually manifested through black humour. An example is the painting of the words 'Zimmer Frei' (room vacant) on old bunkers along the highways coming into the country from Germany, a reference both to the war and the popularity of Holland with German tourists. A recurring theme is a reference to radios and bicycles, which German soldiers confiscated and stole en masse during WW2. "Gib das Fahrrad meinem Opa zurück!" ("Give back my grandfather's bike!") is a commonly heard phrase. I know...and have experienced it personally since I have German ancestry too. That evil person from Braunau am Inn and his minions really caused untold sufferings and damage to German culture, that even today, 64 years after the War, is still being felt. But time is always the great healer of all things...even to people who have not the slightest bit of relation for the despicable things that were done in the past. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago They took our bikes! Perhaps it's because as a part Jew, you know some Jews, and those Jews still hate Germans for what they did, but I know of no abuse against Germans, especially young Germans. Not even here in Europe. We Europeans constantly live with Germans: 15-20% of Europe is German, and it's pretty centered, so you really can't avoid the Germans. As such, there are barely any Europeans who have never met a German. I don't know where you live, but assuming it's America, there are far less Americans who have met Germans than Europeans. Therefore, it's easier for Americans to keep on hating the Germans than it is for Europeans. Germans have a beer fest - how can we hate them? Source(s):
In world war 2, one of the few defensive strategies which worked in the Netherlands was the fact that footsoldiers had bicycles, giving them enhanced manouverability (no kidding). So when the Germans won, they stole *our* bikes and melted them for their metal. They took our bikes! 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Paul Hxyz Lv
7 1 decade ago Its called "collective blame". It is stupid, but some people are stupid. My wife is German, grew up in the devastation of post WW2 Germany and despises Hitler and the Nazis with a passion. If someone called her a Nazi I would correct them. If they struck her I would... show them the meaning of the word "pain". 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago well people nowdays are stupid and they tend to generalizate alot and hate other people just beacuse of an ethicity or race.And btw, as a matter of fact , germans were much more civilizated when they occupied a country than russians. Russians raped and killed, if you want to know more about this just watch on youtube a documentary "russian war crimes". And don't forget that history is always wrote by the winers. Source(s):
my country was occupied in the war worlds by both germans and russians 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago tbh, Germans dont get it as bad as 'whites' in general. the Germans do have equal rights, you dont hear much racism against Germans specifically, dispite what happened in the War. However, 'white' people still are in the dog house for what happened in the slave trade. whats the difference? tbh, id say the War was 1000 times worse than the slave trade. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I met some Germans when I was travelling in Miami and LA...they were complete azzholes who were unwilling to communicate in any other language than German and to talk to anybody who wasn't German...or Austrian. I don't dislike them because of the Nazi shyt, I dislike SOME of them for the attitude that those SOME have. ..But those were the ones I met.idk all of them.lolz 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago They're probably uneducated. Most Germans I ever met where nice and not racist lol let alone nazi's. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Joey Jigglewank Lv
4 1 decade ago Because they've had their fill. Now it's payback time 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why do people hate black people? 13 answers Is it racist to think White women are prettier than Black women? 115 answers Do you think white / asian couples are annoying ? 10 answers Are most white women really predisposed to sympathize with Islam, or is that just a stereotype? 10 answers Are white people really more gentle and feminine than most other races and cultures, or is this just a stereotype? 14 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do English people view Scottish people as lesser than, stupid, cheap, or any other negative --or positive-- classification? Why can't women understand Asian men's janitor faces matter and men understand black women's butcher faces matter too ? why do asians look so young? Is It racist if I don’t like Asians ? I feel like I'm being pandered to for my ethnicity? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites