Muslims, What is your open agenda? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Straight Talker Straight Talker
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
9 years ago Muslims, What is your open agenda? I keep hearing about your open agenda. Would you please tell us what that is & how Islam is achieving it?
I am not judging, just asking. Update : Irtaza : For your information, I have not called you a terrorist. Do you not read the question before you answer or are you so hateful that you are paranoid of everyone?
Your answer needs to be reported as I will not allow you to abuse me or anyone else here. Update 2 : Shodi Shalbe: Could you please tell me exactly what that verse means? I am interested in knowing. Once again, I am NOT asking to be judgemental nor to cause an argument. I am asking to learn. Unless we are willing to listen, teach & learn, how can we ever know?
Update 3 : Thank you, Todd. I didn't realize that. Actually, I hadn't realized that category existed. Update 4 : Funtacul: Thank you for the information you gave. It is very informative.
May I ask you something? Is it true that those who do not convert to Islam are worthy of death? This is also something that I am hearing a lot about.
As for the " open agenda," a person who wrote to me as a Muslim mentioned that Islam has an open agenda. This was said just before he started verbally abusing me & quoting the Koran.
I was just wondering if it is true & what it exactly is. Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance FearStrikes.com 9 years ago Favorite Answer Open Agenda? This is new to me and I am Muslim.
As a Muslim we just need to believe in one God and accept Muhammad as his final messenger. We believe the Quran is the final word of God. We accept all prophets from Abraham, Noah, Jesus, Moses all the way to Muhammad.
We do not believe in evolution as there are far too many holes which will never be filled.
Our obligations are the 5 pillars of Islam: 1) There is no God but God and Muhammad is his messenger. 2) Five prayers daily 3) Charity 4) Fasting 5) The pilgrimage to Makkah for those who are able.
You have to be openminded and ask yourself, with so many religions in the world, how can all be correct? With that in mind, use process of elimination and narrow the choices. The religion has to be a WORLD relgion and not limited to the boundaries of one country, because the real God would not have trouble spreading His word across the globe. With that being said, which religions come to mind? Only Judaism, Christianity and Islam are spread all over. Out of the 3 religions, what has the most followers? Christianity with 2.1 billion, and Islam with 1.8 billion followers. So basically out of 6 billion people in the WORLD, 4+ billion people are either a MUSLIM or a CHRISTIAN! Not only that, all 3 religions believe in the God of Abraham, or God (the One and Only Almighty). So now out of the 2 religions left, which is correct? The New Testament was written AFTER Jesus (pbuh) was no longer around. Alcohol, swine, and everything forbidden in the Old Testament was now permissable in the New Testament. How could the real God change His mind? He is not mortal... so what is going on? Islam is the final Abrahamic religion of God. It is not a new religion but a restoration of the teachings of Moses, Christ, Noah and all other prophets.
The Quran is the final word of God and remains in tact since revelation and God Himself promised to protect the Quran till the final day. Do you know how it is protected? The human mind-- It has been memorized since day 1 word for word and passed down for generations, even today. There are hundreds of versions of the Bible, and only one Quran, which is recited the same all over the globe! Look up Hafiz. How do we know the Quran is Gods words? NO MORTAL COULD HAVE THAT DATA! Links below show what I mean. 20,000 americans convert annualy, 70,000 French annually, list goes on. Islam is the fastest growing religion simply because the Truth prevails. 2 billion followers and counting. Source(s):
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zq7iEK7m6w
http://islam.about.com/library/weekly/aa092300a.ht...
http://science.howstuffworks.com/evolution/evoluti... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Truth of our Existence! 9 years ago The first answer is absolutely wrong.
Quran chapter 5 whoever kills a soul unless for a soul or for corruption [done] in the land - it is as if he had slain mankind entirely. And whoever saves one - it is as if he had saved mankind entirely. And our messengers had certainly come to them with clear proofs. Then indeed many of them, [even] after that, throughout the land, were transgressors. True followers should follow Quran not other individuals. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post who goes there? Lv
6 9 years ago From what muslims say, I would think their open agenda is nothing less than dominion of the world. "The Islamic flag flying over the Whitehouse in D.C." etc. etc. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
4 9 years ago Our agenda is to be in Peace with everyone and we are trying it by spreading Islam,by clearing misconceptions against Islam. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Todd Lv
7 9 years ago You would probably fair better by asking this in the Ramadan category. That's where most of the Muslims hang out. http://answers.yahoo.com/dir/index;_ylt=Ahk6jS12m.... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do some religious people have sentiments like ‘the world is going to end, let’s just all die together.’? Where do such notions come from? Can atheists become lycanthropes or is it only a theistic affliction? How and why do some humans develop a belief in a god or gods? What goes on, in terms of psychology? Should Biblical History be included in an Ancient History of the Middle East Course? Do you believe my girlfriend really is cleopatra and I am Mark Anthony from a past life? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites