Could Jesus just have been a man who courted controversy? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Dexter Dexter
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
6 years ago Could Jesus just have been a man who courted controversy? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance OMIJEN Lv
6 6 years ago Favorite Answer Well he obviously created and courted controversy... It is 2014 now and look at all the fanatics and bible thumpers.... No point in arguing with people who think they are right, for the sake of Jesus or any other religion. Jesus obviously upset a few Romans, or they wouldn't have crucified him in such a horrible way..... I prefer to quietly live a good life and if there is an afterlife, be judged by my actions 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post cabaretic Lv
4 6 years ago Anyone is free to make his or her own interpretation of Jesus. There were times that he did do controversial things like turn over the tables in the temple and drive out the money changers. He told his followers that to lead new believers away from God should be punished by putting a heavy stone around the offenders necks, then thrown into the ocean to drown.
But he wasn't just an agitator and not everything he did courted controversy. He healed the sick and raised the dead. He preached a Gospel that seeks to show people how to live together in peace, rather than in conflict and war. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago "36 Some time ago Theudas appeared, claiming to be somebody, and about four hundred men rallied to him. He was killed, all his followers were dispersed, and it all came to nothing. 37 After him, Judas the Galilean appeared in the days of the census and led a band of people in revolt. He too was killed, and all his followers were scattered. 38 Therefore, in the present case I advise you: Leave these men alone! Let them go! For if their purpose or activity is of human origin, it will fail." (Acts 5:36-38) If Jesus were just a man who courted controversy, He would have been just as obscure today as Theudas and Judas the Galilean. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jim V Lv
7 6 years ago C. S. Lewis put it well: "I am trying here to prevent anyone saying the really
foolish thing that people often say about Him:
"I'm ready to accept Jesus as a great moral teacher,
but I don't accept His claim to be God."
That is the one thing we must not say. A man who was
merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said
would not be a great moral teacher. He would either
be a lunatic--on a level with the man who says he is a
poached egg--or else he would be the Devil of Hell.
You must make your choice. Either this man was, and is,
the Son of God: or else a madman or something worse.
You can shut Him up for a fool, you can spit at Him and kill
Him as a demon; or you can fall at His feet and call Him
Lord and God. But let us not come with any patronizing
nonsense about His being a great moral teacher.
He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to." 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Tammy Lv
7 6 years ago Um,yeah, I think that was his whole point. And the reason god sent him to Earth. Have you ever read the bible? Even an excerpt? Or seen a PBS special about it? 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post yesmar Lv
7 6 years ago No, not if one understands the historical and cultural confines of the time and place he lived.
He was either a lunatic or very God. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago First, you would need to Post some kind of VALID Testable evidence the biblical jesus existed,,,, NO ONE has ever been able to do that! 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Atheists: What do you think of Carl Jung and his work on the collective unconscious? Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? Why are the silly agnostic atheists almost as deluded as the dumb Christians? Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? Is it ok to wash peoples feet? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites