Basque song translation? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Morelen - inactive Lv
7 Morelen - inactive
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
7 years ago Basque song translation? I was wondering if anyone can provide a translation of the lyrics of the Basque song "Mendian Gora Haritza"? Preferably with explanations on grammar, if that's not too much too ask. (something like this would be sufficient: mendian - mendi-a-n - mountain-the-on) Here are the lyrics: Mendian gora haritza ahuntzak haizean dabiltza itsasoaren arimak dakar ur gainean bitsa. Kantatu nahi dut bizitza usteltzen ez bazait hitza mundua dantzan jarriko nuke Jainkoa banintza. Euskal Herriko tristura soineko beltzen joskura txori negartiz bete da eta umorez hustu da. Emaidazue freskura ura eskutik eskura izarren salda urdina edanda bizi naiz gustura. Euskal Herriko poeta kanposantuko tronpeta hil kanpaiari tiraka eta hutsari kolpeta. Argitu ezak kopeta penak heuretzat gordeta goizero sortuz bizitza ere hortxe zegok eta. Mundua ez da beti jai iñoiz tristea ere bai bainan ba dira mila arrazoi kantatzeko alai. Bestela datozen penai ez diet surik bota nahi ni hiltzen naizen gauean behintzat egizue lo lasai.
Thank you for any help. Update : @caulk2005: Great! Now I just need to learn Spanish... Well, maybe it helps me to understand the bits that I couldn't understand directly from Basque. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance caulk2005 Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer In the Youtube link below you'll find a translation into Spanish. Source(s):
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm_g3jDoLBk 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jo Joe 7 years ago The Oak goats are the wind that the souls of the sea foam on the water. I want to sing about life If no word decomposition The world would be dancing Banintza God. The sadness sutures black dress birds will be weeping and humor is empty. Emaidazue freshness Water from hand to hand stock blue star drunk I am satisfied with life. The poet trumpet in cemetery pulling his bell and kolpeta emptiness. The lack of clear forehead heuretzat sorrows saved every morning in the creation of life there was. The world is not always a party Never too sad There are a thousand reasons but joyful singing. Otherwise, from the sorrows I do not want to throw fire I'm dying at night I do not worry 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is American English so weird? 8 answers What does gaudy mean ? 8 answers Do these sentences mean the same thing? 5 answers What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 15 answers has "****" become a regular word in the english language now? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What does daai zek mean in Cantonese? How do you use the phrase "Go figures."? What's the meaning/pronunciation of this African name? what is Nero in hebrew? There is an apple watch 4 for sale. They say it is locked. What does that mean? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites