French verbs for past tenses!!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
1 decade ago French verbs for past tenses!!? How do you tell the difference between using le passe compose and l'imperatif?!? like i know one is continuous in the past and one is just one time in the past
Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance nino 1 decade ago Favorite Answer hi, first of all i think you mean imparfait not imperatif (imperatif is a different tense used to give orders) Anyway, the difference between passe compose and imparfait is easy if you just memorize the value of the two tenses: passe compose: it is used to mark a recent past like something you did yesterday or the day before to the extent of one month, or if you are telling a story like if you are narrating something \... once upon a time... you use passe compose here or passe simple.
However, l'imparfait is used to mark: duration meaning a long period of time like something started in the past and is still going on to this day ex: i've been smoking since 1990 = je fumais dès l'an 1990 it means that i have been smoking for a long period of time from 1990 till this day. l'imparfait is also used to mark repetitive actions especially if you are talking about a certain routine
ex: everyday i wake up at 6 in the morning and i brush my teeth and i comb my hair... here in french all the verbs will be in imparfait But the most important use of l'imparfait is description, every time you want to describe a portrait or anything you use this tense. i hope that this was useful for you and good luck. Source(s):
i'm a french educated translator. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post jabaut Lv
4 4 years ago The checklist of verbs you in basic terms gave us isn't the checklist of familiar verbs, however the checklist of normal verbs that are maximum ordinarily utilized in French. in case you desire to be taught to conjugate different verbs, you need to purchase a verb e book or seem for a unfastened on line conjugator. Even community French audio equipment use the verb e book, whether it truly is much less complicated for them to be taught verbs, as they get to declare and hear the conjugated verbs regular. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 13 answers Native English speakers, could you please help me with these issues? 6 answers Why does Japan continue to embarrass itself with it's complete inability to communicate in the English language? 14 answers I'd like to ask you something about a sentence which contains a past and an infinitive..? 4 answers How do you say beautiful life in French? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do Americans pronounce the T this way? como puedo disculparme con mi novia por haberle sido infiel con mi prima de 11 años? is "Mazany" a Spanish/Latin American surname? Best Latin for this sentence? Could you please explain me what part fit the best? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites