Christians:
In what "specific" ways does God discipline his children and how do we know it is from him? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Freedom Lv
7 Freedom
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
1 decade ago Christians:
In what "specific" ways does God discipline his children and how do we know it is from him? Hebrews 12:7 endure hardship as discipline:
God is treating you as sons.
For what son is not disciplined by his father? Answer Save 14 Answers Relevance Acts 4:12 Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer The "specifics" are going to be on a case by case situation.
Just as a parent with multiple children will discipline each child differently, God is the same way.
Sometimes we need to be handled with "kids gloves" and led by the hand in order to receive something.
Other times, we need that good ol' spanking. I personally have had struggles with ego and pride.
When I let things get to my head about how great I am and all the good things that I do, God reminds me, sometimes in not so gentle ways, that the glory is to go to Him, and not me.
One example I will share here is this:
Right after the Columbine tragedy, we were sitting in church discussing Cassie Bernall (sp?).
A person that I considered a strong spiritual mentor responded that he wouldn't know what to say if he was ever in that situation.
I stuck out my bony spiritual chest and egotistically responded, "I would never deny that I know Christ."
Within three months, everything around me collapsed.
While my words never denied Christ, my actions did.
Everything was so bad, I have often said during that time that I was in the belly of the whale.
It did roughly last about three years.
I was disciplined and disciplined harshly.
And it still took God to get me out of the belly, and to restore me to the place that He wants me to be.
While others may have done what I have done and not be disciplined as I was, the fact remains, I was disciplined.
Unfortunately, ego still creeps into my life, but now, I recognize it and try to stop it from growing. Source(s):
My own life 0 6 0 Login to reply the answers Post Marie Lv
7 1 decade ago Did your earthly parents sometimes let you make a mistake so that you could see why you should not do something? The hardship we sometimes endure is often the result of our own choices. If we have no situations to challenge us, how could we develop the desirable traits that God wants us to have? For instance, we must often endure debt and lack of money to appreciate the value of a budget and putting aside some of your money in savings. We must be able to see that if we do not manage our resources, we will not have enough when that rainy day gets here. We will eventually have to endure sickness if all we put in our bodies is junk food. We have to be able to experience the consequences of our choices. God made us with free will. We must choose what path we are to walk. If our choices are not right, we will be disciplined by enduring the result of our own choices. Just like the nation of Israel endured the being lost in the wilderness for 40 until they got it right, we will also endure the hardship of discipline until we get it right!
Also, sometimes things are allowed to happen for God to fine tune us, even though we have done nothing wrong. When things happen that are not a result of anything we have done, God usually is making a point. Those that are spiritually aware will see the lessons in these situations. Just remember, that discipline is not pleasant to the one who is going through it at the time. But later we see the value in what God is teaching us. Know this.... God loves all He disciplines! He is working out all things for the good of those who love Him! I hope this helps! God bless you! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post gauke_2033 Lv
4 1 decade ago In the context of Hebrews 12:7, it is anything bad that happens to a Christian because of their beliefs and lifestyle. It could be anything as small as a little teasing, harassment, discrimination, insult, bullying, to violence, torture, being killed, for that belief. The motive for a father to discipline his child is to make that child a better person. God does the same thing with Christians. It's all about testing the faith of that Christian, making that Christian increase in faith, and enduring in that faith till the end. The "discipline" Christians endure is not directly from God since only good things come from God. If Christians are enduring "discipline", it is because of those who do not believe, that is, those who are doing the works of their father, the devil. But, God does use it and so allows it to happen, to make us stronger as Christians. So in that sense, it is from Him because He allows it to happen. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jay 1 decade ago Being disciplined means something has to be corrected that was done wrongfully (Some of us need more discipline than others). How we respond to the discipline has to do with the level of our spiritual knowledge, our understanding and their applications thereof. The way your life unfolds is the best way to understand, have knowledge and apply God's discipline. But the knowledge come from Scripture study, prayer, and application of what you are guided to do and accomplish.
Remember, anything of good is of God (let's not be literal here but in content) and anything of evil is not of God (against God). Thus we must try the spirits before making decisions/responding to things in our daily lives. In this remember that bad spirits can disguise themselves to be good (wolf in sheep clothing concept); that's why we must KNOW HOW to determine if it is of good or bad. There are a number ot things that we must come into the knowledge of before we have that ability to discern good from evil. That is the biggest challenge spiritually.
How we are discipline all has to do with our level of our spiritual knowledge, our understanding and their applications thereof. In our day and time, I truly believe that if God appeared to all on earth, there would be those who still would choose " not to believe" and continue to do what they have always done. Source(s):
Prayer (before all things for guidance in my study path)
Spiritual Research (Multiple Religions)
Scripture study ((Christianity, Hinduisim, Morman, Moslem, Torah, etc.)
Application of Spiritual Discernment
Not accepting one doctrine/theory but learning about other ones
The Bible (various translations) - The Qur'an - Bible Almamac - Religious Commentaries - Strong Concordance - Prophecy
"Reading the Bible Again for the First Time" by Marcus Borg
"Man' Search for Meaning" by Viktor Frankl
"The Religions of Man" by Huston Smith
"Human Potential" by Herbert Armstrong
The Teachings of Buddha
"Modern Religious Thougts" edited by Jaroslav Pelikan 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Captain Hook 1 decade ago God disciplines us in many ways. He sometimes uses pain and suffering to make us learn about our mistakes. Although pain and suffering can be viewed negatively, God allows it because it always have positive effects. One of those positive effects is discipline. For example, if a student does not want to study hard and he fails in his exams, the pain and suffering he experiences will teach him a lesson and hopefully, he can understand God's message to Him and start studying harder. God can also use other people in instilling discipline to us, His children. Our parents, for example, have been molding us to be good people since we were born. When we commit mistakes, they are always there to correct us. They are always there to teach us and guide to the path of righteousness. Aside from our parents, we also have our teachers, friends, and even our enemies. Sometimes, other people have to punish us to make us learn. But these punishments are always for the good. Hebrews 12:7 tells us that pain and suffering can bring about discipline. Instead of complaining about pain and suffering, we should view it positively. We should endure these pains and sufferings and use them as lessons so we can change our lives for the better. I hope that my answer has enlightened you. God bless. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post liz v Lv
5 1 decade ago The Holy Spirit convicts of sin.
He is specific about the thought, word or action and leads us to repentance and forgiveness.
He is gentle and tender in His correction of us.
As a parent is with a small child. "If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness." 1 John 1:9 This is clearly opposite of the enemies way of condemnation.
The devil is vague and makes us feel as if we can never get past the sin.
He is cruel in his accusations and wants to discourage us from seeking God by making us believe that God is doing it.
0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post ashes_to_beauty Lv
5 1 decade ago God allows trials and temptations to come to us that we might learn to draw closer to Him, that we might see our need in our weakness. It is not so much what the trial or temptation is but how we respond to it. We should expect God to allow things to come to us, to help us to trust Him and not become discouraged or suffer defeat.
We should consider all suffering as divine chastening, we are growing up and just as when we were children we were chastened by our earth parents, so now we are chastened by our Heavenly Father, to bring us to holiness "Chastening is a part of a father's training, and one of the marks of son ship. Submission to chastening forms and proves the truly childlike character. God's chastening makes us partakers of God's holiness—Holiest of All, The "Let the child of God learn the lesson—suffering is chastening, the chastening of love. We ought to spare no pains to learn this lesson well; we ought to repeat and repeat it, until we can say—Now, I know it perfectly: every trial, small or great, I will look upon at once as a messenger of God's love. If you thus meet it, whether it comes through men or yourself or more directly from above, as God's appointment, you are in the right attitude for bearing and being blessed by it.—Holiest of All, The 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ☼ GƖơώ ✞ Ѡɪηǥs ☼ Lv
7 1 decade ago The lessons we learn in life can be attributed to God's discipline. When we do not follow God's purpose for our lives, there are consequences we must endure. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Maurice H Lv
6 1 decade ago Mainly through other people He knows will say something to us about something we're doing wrong. If in the spirit of God He might speak to us through a dream or prayer. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I believe one way He discipline us is,
He put us in a place or job that we are not happy in and it is not His best and we will remain there til our spiritual growth and obedience is such that deems us ready to move on to a higher place. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (4) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions If you take lsd, dmt, and magic mushrooms 🍄 would you see god? Are atheists into child porn? Was Jesus Christ a white supremacist Facist ? Why don't the R&S atheists know the difference between the 2 words "atheism" and "atheists"? Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites