translate italian/sicilian to english please? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Nunyeah Nunyeah
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
1 decade ago translate italian/sicilian to english please? Iu 'a un peculerusu emuziune, a io, vogghiu tua sta veni cca,
e per iu fa tua capisciu, tutti l'emozioni io hai per ti, alora, iu penso, ma tanto pericoloso, a.... iu hai cosa piu per te, e iu non lo so a fare! just tell me what it meanss :) thanx i know its like emotions or something.. just let me know if you know! thanx Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Kelly Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Yep, that's Sicilian Italian all right. Shoot, that's such a difficult and strange dialect. Here's my attempt at translation: "He has a dangerous emotion, and I, want you to stay here, and for you to understand, all the emotions I have for you, so, I think, but very dangerous, about... I have something more for you, and I don't know what to do!" All the commas make it hard to translate cohesively.
My attempt at translating it to "standard" Italian: "Lui ha un pericoloso emozione, e io, voglio che tu vieni qua, e per io ti faccio capire, tutti le emozioni io ho per te, allora, io penso, ma tanto pericoloso, a... io ho cosa più per te, e io non lo so cosa fare!" Source(s):
Been studying Italian for seven years, now. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post andrew Lv
6 1 decade ago Kelly has given you a pretty good idea of what the writer was trying to say*, but I agree with ragazzotuo in saying that it does not look like true Sicilian.
There's a lot of switching back and forth between Italian and Sicilian. *The first 2 words are actually "iu 'a" which in Sicilian should be "iu aiu" ('I have').
I know it looks like 'lu 'a' (lower-case L and capital I in this sans-serif font look identical), which looks like 'lui ha' in Italian, but in Sicilian it would be "iddu avi" ('he has') 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago i don't think this is sicilian. in sicilian: più should be cchiù per = pi allora = alura or allura cosa = quachicosa te = tia non = unn lo so = lu sacciu a fare = a fari Source(s):
i'm italian...in ogni senso. and my dialect is sicilian. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is American English so weird? 8 answers What does gaudy mean ? 8 answers Do these sentences mean the same thing? 5 answers What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 15 answers has "****" become a regular word in the english language now? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do other languages use plural nouns to talk about non binary people? There is an apple watch 4 for sale. They say it is locked. What does that mean? Spanish Homework Help Please!? Here is a group of WhatsApp in Spanish? Are British people get annoyed with foreign people who get the British accent? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites