Sicilian vs Italian? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
2 years ago Sicilian vs Italian? So I’m trying to be better at speaking Italian all my life I’ve spoke a Sicilian (because my family is Sicilian) and I got apps like Duolingo that are helping me but I find it difficult because when I speak to my mom she speaks Sicilian and a lot of words are different it’s confusing can someone name words that are Italian compared to the Sicilian version? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance oldprof Lv
7 2 years ago Favorite Answer Love Sicily...especially Taormina. I must admit, as I listened to the Siciliani speak their native tongue I had no clue what they were saying.
But I spoke pretty fair tourist Italian and did fine over on the boot.
The words are not only different, but the same words are pronounced differently between Sicilian and Italian. Apps and such can help, but there is no substitute for total immersion in a language.
Which means in your case go to Florence where Italiano puro is spoken.
Live there for a year or two.
Che bella la lingua. Source(s):
Lived in Sigonella, Sicily, for a year.
Ciao. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post M. Lv
7 2 years ago Go to Italy. Visit. Take a class. Work there. You will learn Italian. But which flavor of Italiano interests you? Romanese? 1 1 0 M. Lv
7 2 years ago Report I guess they call it Romanesco. Login to reply the answers Post Laurence Lv
7 2 years ago The same problem exists throughout Europe. I was born in London, England but did my bott camp in Carlisle where all the corporals and sergeants were from Newccasrle on Tyne and spoke Geordie: I could only obey commands by watching what my fellow soldiers did and then copy them. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Pontus Lv
7 2 years ago Sicilian is NOT a dialect of Italian.
That's a very common misconception.
It is a Romance language (Latin-evolved), just like Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Romanian, Catalan, etc.
It is a sister language. It is far more than learning different vocabulary.
It has a number of sounds that set it apart from Italian and other Romance languages (they are not unique sounds, but are uncommon among Romance languages).
It has different grammar as well. It's another language. Your mother does not speak Italian.
She speaks Sicilian.
Learning Italian certainly will help with learning Sicilian, but you're not learning Sicilian.
They are not dialects of the same language.
It is not like speaking American English versus British language, which are dialects of the same language. Source(s):
studied linguistics; intermediate Italian;
http://www.conigliofamily.com/TheSicilianLanguage.... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Chi girl Lv
7 2 years ago Your mom speaks Sicilian.
Speak Sicilian to her.
Don't speak standard Italian to her; she's not going to understand you. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 2 years ago 住 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is American English so weird? 8 answers What does gaudy mean ? 8 answers Do these sentences mean the same thing? 5 answers What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 15 answers has "****" become a regular word in the english language now? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions what is Nero in hebrew? Here is a group of WhatsApp in Spanish? What does daai zek mean in Cantonese? Do these sentences mean the same thing? Do other languages use plural nouns to talk about non binary people? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites