Who is Hecate exactly? What is she the Goddess of and would she make a good Matron? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
5 years ago Who is Hecate exactly? What is she the Goddess of and would she make a good Matron? Could her and Pan be worshiped together as Matron and Patron? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance keyjona Lv
7 5 years ago Favorite Answer a goddess in Greek religion and mythology, most often shown holding two torches or a key and in later periods depicted in triple form. She was variously associated with crossroads, entrance-ways, dogs, light, the moon, magic, witchcraft, knowledge of herbs and poisonous plants, ghosts, necromancy, and sorcery. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Witchy Chick Lv
4 5 years ago I know there's already a best answer but i'd like to give my two cents. Hecate is not a goddess but a titan, much older than the other gods, she is called the dark mother, keeper of crossroads and is associated with death, though its the calm release of death rather than something to be feared. Normally seen in her crone form she represents wisdom and responsibility. So if you want her as a matron don't go in expecting a cooing motherly type. Take it from someone who has attempted to contact her and succeed, if your not ready to take responsibility or are unsure of your path think twice before asking her. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions When you hear that someone you don't really like is in difficulty, do you like to say that you're sending them your thoughts and prayers? are drunkards going to heaven? Why do some religious people have sentiments like ‘the world is going to end, let’s just all die together.’? Where do such notions come from? The James Randi Foundation will give $1 million to anyone who can prove the paranormal, occult, or the supernatural. Why hasn't ...? Why does God allow pain? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites