Why is the concept of eternity mind boggling? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products St. Nicholas St. Nicholas
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
1 decade ago Why is the concept of eternity mind boggling? When I think about the Abrahamic views of Heaven and Hell, I can't seem to grasp living on for eternity. To me it has to make sense that life ends and doesn't go on forever in the afterlife. What are your thoughts? Answer Save 12 Answers Relevance ∞.DS.∞ Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Well, this is only a partial response but: People are bad at imagining large numbers, or large amounts of something.
If I tell you to imagine a marshmallow, you probably can. It won't be perfect, but you can imagine roughly what it is. Same with two, or three, or a bagfull. But when I ask you to imagine a 50 gallon barrel's worth (individually, not just a generic lump), could you? What about 10 barrels? A dump truck's worth? Infinity is infinitely larger than a barrel of marshmallows. That's why people can't imagine it. Our brains simply don't have the capacity to imagine such large numbers without reverting back to a symbol or vague feeling. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post it 1 decade ago everything we understand has a beginning and therefore has an end so we cant comprehend eternity( which has no end and also had no beginning it always existed and always will). where did we come from? we always existed just cant remember as we are here on earth to be tested. and where we go after. we will always exist were not just gonna poof and suddenly not exist. our existence is eternal always were and always will be right now were like in the middle of a line that just shoots both ways
and never ends. the afterlife has a point to it we will be busy doing things too just like here and there will always be things that need to be done and so there will always be a reason for you to exist, if there was nothing that needed to be done there would be no reason for our existence but instead the work of god is never ending and so is his happiness and glory 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ozsalvo 1 decade ago I would think it would be mind boggling because we do not have any concept out of *time*. There is no *time* in eternity. God who created all lives eternally. Time was created by Him for us to live in. Therefore eternity exists before time, during & after. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Enigma Lv
6 1 decade ago It does not exist.
Parts of infinity is infinity and therefore part of eternity is still eternity.
If lives are destined for eternity, why is there no evidence of it?
Many notable theists (for eg, William Craig) have argued against the existence of an actual infinite, and as eternity is similar to infinite, therefore eternity cannot exist in reality. [Similarly can be proven from Hilbert's Hotel paradox, mathematically]. Omniscient is a contradiction of term: if god is omniscient, then he must have all knowledge, even those concerning his past and future. If all his past and future is known to him, then it might well defined a boundary or limit, in the sense that all IS KNOWN. But eternal future and beginningless past can never be known, because even if god keeps pursuing, there is no end to it. If he reaches the point of the "beginning" of his beginningless past, that means there was a beginning. Similarly, if his knowledge reaches to the "END" of his eternal future, there will be an end. Therefore, there can be no omniscience in god's knowledge concerning what is beginningless and eternal. But by not having the actual knowledge of eternal future, god is rendered impotent to ultimately not knowing his own destiny. Above argument against omniscience is true for eternity, and therefore, eternity does not exist. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Code Monkey Lv
5 1 decade ago Well, think of it like this: matter and energy always existed. It never began, or was created. Rather, the belief is that God formed what already existed. If we die and continue with an afterlife, then we would be one with this matter and energy and god that has always existed. Since our minds are time-bound, it's impossible to grasp, but that doesn't mean it's not impossible. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Erik T 1 decade ago eternity and infinity are hard concepts for the human mind to grasp..
we live finite physical lives so we always think everything has a beginning and an end and we tend to look at everything that way due mostly to the human ego..
it doesn't necessarily work like that in nature.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Ecclesiastes 3:11 - 14 "He has made everything beautiful in its time. He has also set eternity in the hearts of men; yet they cannot fathom what God has done from beginning to end.
I know that there is nothing better for men than to be happy and do good while they live.
That everyone may eat and drink, and find satisfaction in all his toil—this is the gift of God.
I know that everything God does will endure forever; nothing can be added to it and nothing taken from it. God does it so that men will revere him." 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Eva Braun 1 decade ago The Afterlife is Yahoo Answers. Source(s):
I'm there ... er ... here. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It's mind boggling because humans are conditioned to live a life less than what they're capable of. Therefore, our true nature seems strange. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Southerncru27 1 decade ago Because the eternal is infinite, and the infinite is unknowable.
We only understand things that are determinate and have a definite boundary. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (2) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Before the Crucifixion, did the Romans brutally sodomize Jesus's butthole and piss up his colon? Do you believe my girlfriend really is cleopatra and I am Mark Anthony from a past life? Why do some religious people have sentiments like ‘the world is going to end, let’s just all die together.’? Where do such notions come from? are drunkards going to heaven? Can atheists become lycanthropes or is it only a theistic affliction? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites