Which of these terms describe a religious belief: Afterlife, Afterdeath, Afterbirth? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Slap Happy Lv
7 Slap Happy
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
8 years ago Which of these terms describe a religious belief: Afterlife, Afterdeath, Afterbirth? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 8 years ago Favorite Answer You're just an afterbirth, Eli. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Citrine Dream Lv
7 8 years ago eww... afterbirth. If it's slimy and you can poke it with a stick, it's not a religious belief. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? Why are the silly agnostic atheists almost as deluded as the dumb Christians? Atheists: What do you think of Carl Jung and his work on the collective unconscious? Is it ok to wash peoples feet? Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites