is Religion evolving or devolving? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
9 years ago is Religion evolving or devolving? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Alexis Lv
7 9 years ago Favorite Answer "Devolving" is an inherently flawed concept.
Things adapt to a changing environment.
Any change is evolution.
Whether we regard that change as "progress" or not is a subjective judgement value. But to answer your question, some religion is evolving, some is stagnating.
Either way, they are on their way out.
Scientific naturalism has replaced superstition as an accurate way of understanding reality, and religion as we understand it today will be gone within the next few centuries. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Rubix cube 9 years ago Depends what you mean by that a lot of relgion is changing aka evolving but that's not always good it can't get any worse then when woman we're burned as witches for having a brain some religions are but some aren't it all depends on your perspective I guess this is kinda of an iffy subject
but in essence everything evolves even stubborn beliefs people. Have bad for centuries just look at old school rituals and compare it to today 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Cali d Lv
6 9 years ago Religion constantly changes to fit current societal changes.
More proof how much it is a scam.
Why follow the way people lived 1000s of years ago?
Ridiculous if you think about it. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post torpex2002 Lv
7 9 years ago clearly evolving. from the abrahamic god were the jews, then jesus branched off with his cult the nazareans, later muhammed branched off with islam, which has now branched out into several other sects. christianity, in just 2000 years, has now branched out into 30,000+ recognized denominations. religions clearly evolve, from a common ancestor into a whole range of now incompatible branches. ironic when some of them deny that life on earth evolves, when their own belief has too. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Te Rex Lv
6 9 years ago . Religion neither evolves or devolves. . 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Should Biblical History be included in an Ancient History of the Middle East Course? Do you believe that the Covid-19 virus pandemic was created by Satan? Why do some religious people have sentiments like ‘the world is going to end, let’s just all die together.’? Where do such notions come from? Can atheists become lycanthropes or is it only a theistic affliction? Do you believe my girlfriend really is cleopatra and I am Mark Anthony from a past life? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites