If Islam was originally derived from Christianity, what were the fundamental changes? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Ithink4Myself Lv
4 Ithink4Myself
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
6 years ago If Islam was originally derived from Christianity, what were the fundamental changes? * Judaism: 2800 years. * Jesus' Judaism: 2000 years. * Christianity: 1700 years. * Muhammad's Christianity: 1500 years. * Islam: 1400 years. Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Raven Slight Lv
5 6 years ago Favorite Answer The fundamental changes were theological in light of the failures of Jesus' teachings and cultural in light of the prejudices that existed within the Christian world. The major shift, for example, is that Islam does not treat Jesus as the literal "son of God". Generally, instead, he is viewed as a "Second Adam", a created Prophet of God and not a biological "son of God" as Christians held. This was intended to account for the 400 years over which Jesus failed to actually return to save his followers. A mortal man would be incapable of living so long, but the first people were recorded to live hundreds and even thousands of years. There's also the matter of the Trinity, which Islam holds as a violation of monotheism. After all, if God exists in three distinct forms each of which possesses different thoughts and desires, then that means the thing referred to as God must literally three different deities. Otherwise there would be a single thinking entity, and as such wouldn't be any "trinity" to begin with. Another major shift was the view that Jesus was sent to correct the corruptions that were made to the Torah (the primary religious text of Judaism and the major constituent of the Old Testament). Elohim, used in Genesis to refer to God and the reason most English bibles refer to "Let us make man in our image", is a pluralized word in Hebrew. Many commandments were based on the teachings of God...but others were thought to be outdated and therefore not actually taught by God. Specific people in the Old Testament were made to be heroes for performing sins, and God was kind of frequently depicted as a massive ****... Which violated the supposed non-violence of Jesus' teachings and peacefulness that Muhammad wanted his followers to obey. And then, as I stated before, the sects gained their own religious identities when they were taken by societies as that society's primary religion. Muhammad was a heretical Christian for denying the Trinity and the divinity of Jesus...and we know this because other people from his time who denied the Trinity and the divinity of Jesus (both common themes in Gnostic Christianity) were explicitly called Heretics by early Christian Church Fathers. Only once entire cities started calling themselves "Muslims" did the rest of the Christian world stop considering them as "Heretical Christians". 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post NoNo 6 years ago The biggest difference I would say is that we don't believe god had a son. Jesus was only a man just like all the other messengers (pbut), and that he wasn't crucified he was raised to the heavens because he should not be cursed by the law he came to fulfill. All his miracles were only by god. And he was not. Also, that the prophets were the best people to walk the earth. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Grey Tower Lv
7 6 years ago Correction - Islam does not base itself on Christianity.
In fact, Islam denies that Jesus was the Son of God, that he died and was resurrected.
If Jesus is not the Son of God, if he did not die and was not resurrected, then it has nothing to do with Christianity.
It doesn't get any more fundamental than that. Islam says that Allah caused confusion amongst the Jews, to make them think they had killed Jesus, but Allah had sent them a lie.
They say that Jesus did not die but was taken up to heaven.
When Jesus returns, they say he will be a follower of Muhammad and will kill all who refuse to submit to Islam.
That means Jesus will have to kill all the Jews and all the Christians. Islam claims that Allah is the God of Abraham, and that Ishmael was not cursed.
They would have you believe that the God of the Jews and the God of the Christians is Allah.
Given Allah wants to destroy Jews and Christians, then something is very badly wrong with their premise. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Iqbal 6 years ago Islam is not derived from Christianity but derived from Abraham monotheism and still believe in Only One Allah / God. Islam is quite different from Christianity. Muhammad
pbuh had received the revelation directly
through angel Gabriel from God. Christianity had lost it's originality. It is neither monotheism it is a pagan religion. Source(s):
Read Quran 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Penguinos Lv
4 6 years ago They reverted back to Paedophilia and stoning people. Spicing it up abit with some OT. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions The James Randi Foundation will give $1 million to anyone who can prove the paranormal, occult, or the supernatural. Why hasn't ...? Before the Crucifixion, did the Romans brutally sodomize Jesus's butthole and piss up his colon? are drunkards going to heaven? Can atheists become lycanthropes or is it only a theistic affliction? Do you believe that the Covid-19 virus pandemic was created by Satan? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites