most of womens make up comes from human placentas/afterbirths? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products pharoahs spin the message round the truth Lv
4 pharoahs spin the message round the truth
asked in
Society & Culture Other - Society & Culture
·
1 decade ago most of womens make up comes from human placentas/afterbirths? i learnt today that afterbirths are kept and sold to china to make makeup,
i
will now never be able to kiss a women wearing lipstick without thinking im kissing a placenta. women do you check where your makeup comes from before you buy it? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer In Canada where I live all products must list each and every ingredient in food and products. Also most biological waste is destroyed in canada. in the US some states allow people to take their placentas home and apparently some get shipped off to cosmetic companies. I have to tell you that goat placenta is more often used. People love cosmetics with placenta because it's supposed to be very anti ageing. It's used in creams not lipstick so you don't have to worry about who you are kissing. I only buy natural products for makeup and I read what it's made of before I buy it. Honestly everyone should find out what's in the products they use. If you are against the use of something in your item then make sure it's not in the products you buy. Source(s):
http://www.carefair.com/skincare/Placenta_Use_in_C...
<----found this to back up what I was saying. Already aware of it though. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rainbooooww 1 decade ago liar :P Even if it were I would still wear my lipstick sorry... 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions My son supports the black people movement, how do I stop him? 89 answers Why are we treating health care workers like celebrities? 16 answers Why can't humans see that dogs and animals are smarter than us? 9 answers What do you think of white people who live in trailer parks? 8 answers Will the George Floyd case end racism in America for good? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do so many Americans wear their shoes inside the house? Cual es la mejor pc del 2019? curious, what is the point of having all these academic disciplines in the humanities, when much off it matters nothing in the real world? When will life ever be the way it was in the 1990s again? Who pays the wedding expenses in your culture? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites