How big of a difference is there between how Northern Italians and Sicilians speak? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products SJP1995 SJP1995
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
8 years ago How big of a difference is there between how Northern Italians and Sicilians speak? I've heard that Northern speak faster and Sicilians sorta "have their own language". Can someone fill me in? Thanks! Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance •_• Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer Every region of Italy has it's own dialect and the words vary, along with how you accent a consonant. However, all of Italy speaks what is called Dante's Italian. Modern Italian is spoken much faster than the older dialects. My family spoke Venetian and not Dante's Italian, which is taught in school. Venetian is slow and has Celtic and Germanic words in it, along with Italic. That is an example of one northern Gallo-Italic language. Sicilians have more Greek words in their dialect and language, but it's still based in Italic. All of Italy speaks an Italic form of their Romance language. Dante's Italian is what everyone is taught in school to speak. Sicily and southern Italy have a heavy Greek influence in their words and to a lesser extent, they have Norman words and Arabic too. It's not how fast they speak, but what they choose to call things and how they choose to pronounce consonants. Nouns and verbs vary a lot between north and south. There are many other dialects of Italian in Italy, but there is a big difference between the very north and the very south with nouns. Most people have given up speaking Sicilian, even though in the US it is still spoken. In Italy, the Venetians refuse to give up their dialect and they are not allowed to speak it outside of Venice. The government is trying to get everyone to just speak normal everyday Italian that children learn in school. They are quite upset with the Venetians. Sicilians in Sicily mostly have given up speaking Sicilian. Most dialects in Italy are dying out with the new generation. I'd say that the dialects are spoken slower than your normal everyday Italian, which is rapid like Spanish. So with the Sicilians, it's a lot of Greek words mixed in with the Italic ones and in the north a lot of Germanic and Celtic influence mixed in with the Italic words. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Giuly Lv
7 6 years ago The best answer *__* isn't correct, first of all the Venetian is a language and not a dialect of the Italian, it doesn't have any Italic words, not one. It doesn't have any celtic word as well. Is a Romance language that comes from Latin and has many Greek, German and French words. It is not true that is slowest than Italian. Venetians' accents look like very much to the Spanish ones. There are a lot of dialects of the Venetian language and are spoken in Veneto, Trentino,
Friuli Venezia Giulia and Brescia in Lombardy. Every region of Italy has its own regional
language, in northern and southern Italy there aren't dialects of the Italian. Only central Italians especially from Tuscany and Lazio speak dialect of the Italian because the Italian language was a dialect of the Tuscan language. The Venetian language is way older than the Italian one. Italians have a lot of different accents, in all regions of Italy they pronounce vocals in different ways when they speak standard Italian because there is still the influence of the region's local language that isn't a dialect like I said before. Generally all Italians understand Italians from other regions, even though this is not a rule. All northern Italians understand each other and central Italians whereas sometimes it is hard to understand what some Southerner is saying even though he speaks a proper Italian.
I ask to myself in what way *__* knows what happen in Italy. Living in the north I don't know what happen in the south, all
can I do is reading the things they write online and it seems that Sicilians still take pride in their Sicilian language. Venetians CAN speak their dialect of the Venetian language everywhere, the reason they speak it only in their region Veneto is that other Italians don't understand it. If a Venetian speaker and a Sicilian speaker try talking each other in their own local languages, you see the same film if you are seeing a Spanish and a Greek talking each other in their languages. As you know a Spanish and a Greek can perfectly understand esch other talking in English, the same goes for a Venetian and a Sicilian talking together in Italian. Having Venetian family I have never heard that Venetians are not allowed to speak Venetian outside of Venice. The government is not upset with Venetians because they speak both Italian and Venetian. Most of them take pride in their mothertongue which is not Italian, even though Italy try hard to persuade them is just a vulgar dialect of Italian spoken by uneducated peasantry. Because they want our local languages to dye. Although even many Italians think that our dialects are dying, thanks God this is not true. In the countries the majority of people keep speaking them and this is true especially in the north east and the south. In my opinion neither Northerner nor Southerner speak faster. It depends on the person, you have a very shy Italian that speaks slow or an Italian that speak fast...it doesn't depend on the language. Having said that, although I didn't study Spanish and French I can read them and perfectly understand whereas when I read some sentences written in some southern Italian language I don't get a word. There is a big difference among a southern and a northern dialect but there are differences among the northern languages as well. For example I understand two northern languages called Venetian and Ferrarese and I don't get what Ligurians say. I didn't get what Piedmontesi said until I studied their language. It is harder with southern languages to me as a Northerner. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ami Lv
7 8 years ago Sicilians DO have their own language; Sicilian is a separate language related to the languages spoken in Northern Italy (like Piedmontese, Ligurian, Emiliano-Romagnolo, etc., which are Gallo-Italic languages). Sicilian is quite different from the languages spoken in Northern Italy and is distinct from Standard Italian as well. Source(s):
Linguistic map of Italy:
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/03...
Sicilian language:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sicilian_language 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is American English so weird? 8 answers What does gaudy mean ? 8 answers Do these sentences mean the same thing? 5 answers What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 15 answers has "****" become a regular word in the english language now? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Spanish Homework Help Please!? Do other languages use plural nouns to talk about non binary people? Here is a group of WhatsApp in Spanish? There is an apple watch 4 for sale. They say it is locked. What does that mean? Are British people get annoyed with foreign people who get the British accent? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites