How are Aztec god tributes given ? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
7 years ago How are Aztec god tributes given ? I need to know how Aztecs would give tributes to there gods and where. Thanks Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Punk Rock and Minerals Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer the tributes took place on top of the temples which were huge step pyramids they cut out some poor schmuck's heart, took and took a bite out of it
they then knocked the body off the temple
the skulls would eventually be
displayed in front of the temple Source(s):
.. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post colanero Lv
4 4 years ago Aztec Tributes Source(s):
https://shrinkurl.im/bagmJ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Publius Lv
7 7 years ago At the end of a calendar year, those pesky extra days that didn't fit in nicely were cause for concern.
Every year, or so their priests made them believe in order to advance their own position and status, sacrifice had to occur to bring the sun back from the south and continue the cycle of existence for another year. Huitzil Opochtli, or Hummingbird on the Left (or something like that) was notorious for (his priests) requiring blood sacrifices.
Long lines of prisoners (slaves or enemies defeated in battle or sport) were lined up, held down, and had their hearts cut out and held, still beating, before their dying eyes.
The process was that efficient. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post anton t Lv
7 7 years ago Read a book. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Are atheists into child porn? Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? Atheists: What do you think of Carl Jung and his work on the collective unconscious? Why don't the R&S atheists know the difference between the 2 words "atheism" and "atheists"? Why are the silly agnostic atheists almost as deluded as the dumb Christians? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites