People you look up to? That inspire you? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
1 decade ago People you look up to? That inspire you? ONE PERSON. Jack Kerouac. Hes....my Idol. What about you? :) Answer Save 17 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Kerouac is awesome! I've done 2 month long road trips by myself across the US because of him inspiring me to do something totally crazy. I've seen all kinds of amazing things and met all kinds of crazy people because of him. Staying at hostels all over America will put you into contact with all kinds of characters! I met a guy getting his PhD in a church I was sleeping at in Nebraska, a tugboat operator just outside of Thomas Jefferson's house, a man who taught the mayor of Chicago at Mark Twain's house, a kid that was singing about killing himself in Phily,a guy with voices in his head in Newport, hippies and punks in SLC, bums in Denver, crazy punks in North Dakota that invited me to a party and let me crash even though they never met me before, poor kids and very rich people in LA, cute girls all over... Yeah, he's been a big influence on my life. Other people I look up to are Carl Sagan, Joseph Campbell, Apolo Ohno, Mark Twain, Emerson and Thoreau, Thomas Jefferson, Thomas Paine, Michael Phelps, ... 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post A Modest Proposal Lv
7 1 decade ago Edmund Ross, Kansas Senator. Source(s):
To sacrifice one's name, one's reputation, one's political future, for one's country - he was truly a profile in Courage. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Durian 1 decade ago Apostle Paul 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♥Cуαиι∂є♥ [Sтιℓℓ єχтяα ℓєтнαℓ..] Lv
6 1 decade ago Lately I've been quite inspired by Lady Gaga. ..Not that I am some *obsessed* fan of hers or anything. But I think it is admirable how she dares to be herself, and how she can be all fun and crazy, and people LOVE her for it! That sure is an inspiration. =D 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in General Zod Lv
7 1 decade ago That guy John Krasinski in the Office.
He always looks at the camera knowingly - he knows exactly what's going on. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Crystal Lv
6 1 decade ago Probably the lamest answer you'll ever get but....my homeroom teacher. She's just...so smart and pretty and patient and caring! I want to emulate some of her qualities. Plus. she's one of the very mall amount of teachers who actually "get It" you know? Like...the problems and stuff you have, she won't judge. She's always neutral. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Amazing Wonder Weirdo 1 decade ago George Carlin.
The reasons are obvious. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Doppel ganger #13 1 decade ago Marilyn Manson and David Bowie 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
4 1 decade ago Elvis, Hitler, Clint Eatwood, Jessica Rabbit, my brothers wife, and anyone who is taller than me 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Ellen Page Her feminist views, and refusal to do parts that do not reflect strong femininity. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (7) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions are drunkards going to heaven? Do you believe that the Covid-19 virus pandemic was created by Satan? Can atheists become lycanthropes or is it only a theistic affliction? Why do some religious people have sentiments like ‘the world is going to end, let’s just all die together.’? Where do such notions come from? When you hear that someone you don't really like is in difficulty, do you like to say that you're sending them your thoughts and prayers? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites