I need help with Serbian Translation? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Josie Josie
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
8 years ago I need help with Serbian Translation? Could a native serbian speaker please translate the following and not in Cyrillic. Thanks! How have you been? How is Nina doing with her pregnancy? When is she due? I am very excited to have a new nephew in the family and I hope to meet him sooner than later. Yesterday was my Slava and we had a very good time. Lots of food, drinks and laughter. It would have been even better if you and your family was there. I send many kisses and hugs to everyone! Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance ... Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer ^^ I have to admit, my translation is a tad better. :) You're kind of annoying, no offense. My translation is perfectly fine, lol. I only made one grammatical mistake and that was "hrane" and the rest is fine. There are some words that are spelled differently over there and here, but it still means the same thing. If you can understand what I'm saying then someone in Serbia can understand what I wrote.
Next time you try to correct me, at least try to avoid making a million grammatical errors.
"Oh God,you again..."
Where's your space after the comma? "Now,since you had to admit your translation is better,and I applaud your confidence,it isn't.Why?" Again, no spaces. They don't teach you how to use a space bar in Serbia? Your first sentence is awkward. Rewrite it. ''Kako si bila?'' is past tense, and though English ask the question in past tense, Serbs don't.Ever,it sounds weird."
Some do; some don't. I have friends in Serbia and they do sometimes. Is your space bar working or something? Put a space after the period and comma. - ''Kad će da rodi?'' sounds strange to me,as a Serb. And When is she due is literary ''Kada joj je termin'' far more common in Serbian."
Still means the same thing. Again, no spaces. Why did you capitalize the "w" in the word "when" lol? It's not a proper noun. - ''ja se sa nadam da ga vidim uskoro'' is just wrong tense. You have to use future tense here."
You could but you don't have to. - ''Jučer '' is Croatian form of Serb ''Juče''.
Still means the same thing. - "Slava is not written with capital S."
If it's not, then why did you capitalize it? - lijep(o) is Croatian or Bosnian or Montenegrin form of Serb ''lepo''
Again, different spelling. Means the same thing. - ''hrene'' is not a word, you probably meant ''hrane'' That was the only grammatical error I made. I was typing fast, so that's why.
- ''smijeha'' again Croatian,Bosnian or Montenegrin form of Serb ''smeha''.
Means the same thing. You forgot to put a space after the comma. - ''da si ti i tvoja familija bili ovdje'' Unlike English, 2nd person singular and plural are not the same, so you can not use ''si'' for her family. ''ovdje'' is also not Serb, ''ovde'' is."
That's a minor grammatical mistake. Again, still means the same thing. - ''Šalem'' not a word in Serbian, ''šaljem'' is."
The person who asked this question can change that. In Montenegro, it's what I have there. - ''zagritjaja'' not a word in Serbian, ''zagrljaja'' is. Again, she can change if she would like.
"Now I will personally transfer all of my points to you,just stop giving false info about my people,my language etc." Man, you really need to get that space bar fixed. You will personally transfer all of your points to me? I thought you already did, lol. That's an awkward sentence. Put a period after you; it's a run-on sentence and they're saying two different things. I did not give false information about Serbians or the language. All right, it's not an exact translation. I tweaked what you wrote but it's still saying the same thing.
"Kako si bila? Kako Nina podnosi trudnoću? Kad će da rodi? Ja sam veoma srećna da imam novog sestrića u familiji i ja se sanadam da ga vidim uskoro. Jučer je bila moja Slava i mi smo se proveli lijep. Bilo je puno hrane, pića i smijeha. Bilo bi mnogo bolje da si ti i tvoja familija bili ovdje. Šalem vam mnogo poljubaca i zagritjaja svima!" Source(s):
I speak the language and my mom looked at it (she was born in Montenegro). 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Krak Lv
5 8 years ago Kako si? Kako je Ninina trudnoća? Kada joj je termin? Jako sam uzbudjena da dobijem novog sestrića u familiji, i nadam se da ću ga upoznati što pre. Juče mi je bila slava, i lepo smo se proveli. Dosta hrane, pica i smeha. Bilo bi još lepše da ste ti i tvoja porodica bili ovde. Šaljem vam svima puno poljubaca i zagrljaja! EDIT: Oh God,you again... Now,since you had to admit your translation is better,and I applaud your confidence,it isn't.Why? - ''Kako si bila?'' is past tense, and though English ask the question in past tense, Serbs don't.Ever,it sounds weird. - ''Kad će da rodi?'' sounds strange to me,as a Serb. And When is she due is literary ''Kada joj je termin'' far more common in Serbian. - ''ja se sa nadam da ga vidim uskoro'' is just wrong tense. You have to use future tense here. - ''Jučer '' is Croatian form of Serb ''Juče'' - Slava is not written with capital S - lijep(o) is Croatian or Bosnian or Montenegrin form of Serb ''lepo'' - ''hrene'' is not a word, you probably meant ''hrane'' - ''smijeha'' again Croatian,Bosnian or Montenegrin form of Serb ''smeha'' - ''da si ti i tvoja familija bili ovdje'' Unlike English, 2nd person singular and plural are not the same, so you can not use ''si'' for her family. ''ovdje'' is also not Serb, ''ovde'' is. - ''Šalem vam mnogo poljubaca i zagritjaja svima!" You said this..''I send you many kisses and hugs to you all'' either I send you..., or I send...to you all.Not both. - ''Šalem'' not a word in Serbian, ''šaljem'' is. '- ''zagritjaja'' not a word in Serbian, ''zagrljaja'' is. Now I will personally transfer all of my points to you,just stop giving false info about my people,my language etc. EDIT,YET ANOTHER: Now I am sure nobody wants to get into yet another pointless discussion with annoying teenager but sometimes there is no other choice. I am sure the asker will not be bothered by space after comma. And since the rule applies to every language, she will probably just skip it. This is not official text after all. But what she will be bothered with though, is when she receives a reply asking what the heck was she writing about, and why use Croatian(?) words, and so called ijekavica, Bosnian and Montenegrin dialect. And all of that mixed up with some strange, revealing mistakes. And for the last time. You can not correct native, invent ''Montenegrin'' words,which are just typos, or say ''it still means the same thing''. Because you
could have written it in English,or Turkish, and it still would mean the same. Source(s):
Native 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post laureen Lv
4 4 years ago Voochko's 2d option is the superb translation. Singular: Budi ono što jesi/???? ??? ??? ???? (Boo-dee Oh-noh Shtoh Yeh-see) Plural: Budite ono što jeste/?????? ??? ??? ????? (Boo-dee-teh Oh-noh Shtoh Yeh-ste) - with very final syllable "ste" reported as in "step" or "secure" It skill "be what you're". you additionally can say straightforward Budi ti / ???? ?? yet it fairly is greater casual and works only in singular. Voochko's first option "budite sebe" is faulty as a results of fact that's translated too actually and reflexive type with sebe/se does not artwork subsequently. easily if I weren't study the question first, i could think of he's attempting to declare awaken (your self) inspite of the actuality that throughout that case greater organic could be short type "se" (instead of "sebe") so awaken = budite se (crucial, plural) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why is American English so weird? 8 answers What does gaudy mean ? 8 answers Do these sentences mean the same thing? 5 answers What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 15 answers has "****" become a regular word in the english language now? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do these sentences mean the same thing? Do other languages use plural nouns to talk about non binary people? what is Nero in hebrew? There is an apple watch 4 for sale. They say it is locked. What does that mean? What does daai zek mean in Cantonese? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites