"I speak in english" or "I talk in english"? Which one is correct? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
8 years ago "I speak in english" or "I talk in english"? Which one is correct? Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance Anonymous 8 years ago Favorite Answer both are correct, though using "speak" would befit a more formal conversation 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago I speak English 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post soma m 8 years ago You should never talk in English... You should Speak in English 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago I speak english. Source(s):
It is the correct way to say it but if you are talking informally then nobody will care. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Brii 8 years ago I speak english :D Source(s):
My mom. LOL 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post jetta Lv
4 4 years ago listed decrease than are twenty that I grew up listening to, maximum of them interior the family individuals automobile the place I had 0 administration over what grow to be performed. yet I nevertheless love all and sundry of them to on the present time... Sea Cruise- Frankie Ford walk do no longer Run- The Ventures do no longer difficulty infant- The coastline Boys Bus supply up- The Hollies those Boots Are Made For walking- Nancy Sinatra I observed Her- Mamas & Papas A style Of Honey- Herb Alpert everyone's speaking At Me- Nilsson celeb- The Carpenters Indian Reservation- Paul Revere & The Raiders Come And Get It- Badfinger tell Me some thing good- Rufus Come And Get Your Love- Redbone greater floor- Stevie ask your self Waterloo- ABBA How long (Has This Been occurring)- Ace The Hustle- Van McCoy greater greater greater- Andrea authentic Connection Shining celebrity- Earth, Wind & hearth have been given to grant It Up- Marvin Gaye 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 8 years ago Neither.
I speak English.
You can get away with either though and people will understand. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Open Your Eyes Lv
4 8 years ago "I speak English" would be correct. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Nicole 8 years ago "I speak English." the "in" is not needed. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Grimlord Lv
5 8 years ago Speak, but you'll get a way with talk. Also it's a knife and fork, never a fork and knife. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 13 answers Native English speakers, could you please help me with these issues? 6 answers Why does Japan continue to embarrass itself with it's complete inability to communicate in the English language? 14 answers I'd like to ask you something about a sentence which contains a past and an infinitive..? 4 answers How do you say beautiful life in French? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do these sentences mean the same thing? como puedo disculparme con mi novia por haberle sido infiel con mi prima de 11 años? Do you agree that Pure Hindi is complicated but also interesting? CUAL ES TU OPINION HACERCA DEL MACHISMO? Native English speakers, could you please help me with these issues? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites