why do models always marry businessmen why not Doctors dentist because if its for money than doctors and? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Cultures & Groups Other - Cultures & Groups
·
7 years ago why do models always marry businessmen why not Doctors dentist because if its for money than doctors and? dentist are also rich why do they always prefer businessmen ?? any idea?? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Froggy Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer If you talk about multi-national businessmen and heads of companies, banks, etc. - Businessmen can make more money, they lead more social lives, often have to travel abroad, have to entertain foreign clients, have a broader social base. Source(s):
Educator 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Because the likelihood of rich businessmen and models being at the same type of social venues is much greater than the likelihood of dentists and models being at the same type of social venues.. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are people who don’t support black lives matter too stupid to see this? 15 answers How many human races are there? Why do we look so different? 8 answers Why is being trans racial wrong? 7 answers What if Black people decided enough is enough and go back to Africa. What would America be like with out us? 10 answers Are most white women really predisposed to sympathize with Islam, or is that just a stereotype? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions is it weird to see a pasty white guy buying a Mexican beer like Modelo or Corona at the gas station? ever seen the movie Get Out? How many human races are there? Why do we look so different? how can I enhance my sexual encounters? Why is being trans racial wrong? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites