What are some controversies of prostitution? Please Help!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Emmi Emmi
asked in
Society & Culture Other - Society & Culture
·
1 decade ago What are some controversies of prostitution? Please Help!? I am doing a law presentatrion tomarow on prostitution and it has to b around 5 minutes. What are things about prostitution i could talk about. Please HELP!!!! Update : thank you so much! Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Controversies?
well to start, where its legal in certain countries, like germany, its hard to crack down on the illegal prostitution (not government run or protected. essentially trading people) and the child prostitution. and believe it or not where its legal is the places where the most women have post traumatic stress disorder. its around 80% of prostitutes vs like 65% here in america. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ms. Opinionative Lv
7 1 decade ago Summarizing the stats, 70% of female inmates in American prisons were initially arrested for prostitution. 77.8% of arrests are women, 22.2% men. Also, prostitutes account for 90% of the arrests, their clients for only 10%. If prostitution were made legal, the number of arrested females and female inmates would gradually decrease. Reports show prostitutes have been “horribly beaten” by their pimps an average of 58 times a year. However, pimps aren't required for prostitutional assistance. Over 1 million people in the US have worked as prostitutes, and many work every night despite its criminalization. In fact, an estimate total of 40 million+ were prostitutes in 2002. Many critics of prostitution believes it's degrading to women, and it shows a lack or morality and self-respect. If you want my opinion, with an intense regulation, I believe prostitution should be legal. Porn is legal, which technically qualifies as "high-priced prostitution," considering the pornstars get paid for having sex, though facing cameras and for much higher pay. If porn is legal, why not prostitution? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions My son supports the black people movement, how do I stop him? 89 answers Why are we treating health care workers like celebrities? 16 answers Why can't humans see that dogs and animals are smarter than us? 9 answers What do you think of white people who live in trailer parks? 8 answers Will the George Floyd case end racism in America for good? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Who pays the wedding expenses in your culture? When will life ever be the way it was in the 1990s again? Why does the rich Brazilians look European? Cual es la mejor pc del 2019? How do I fix my beady eyes? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites