did the male blue moon butterfly's "suppressor gene" evolve, or was it already there, dormant? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Andrew Lv
6 Andrew
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
7 years ago did the male blue moon butterfly's "suppressor gene" evolve, or was it already there, dormant? Update : greg~ maybe, but an atheist had posted a link to proof of creatures evolving. The article said that the particular butterfly evolved in the span of one year. Update 2 : I mean, did the biologists actually see the butterfly's gene evolve or did they just see it switch on? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance CRR Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer “When deadly bacteria struck blue moon butterflies on two Samoan islands in the South Pacific, they killed males before they could hatch into caterpillars. Soon males were only one percent of the population. The blue moon butterflies were in danger of dying out. However, the surviving males had a ‘suppressor’ gene that disarmed the bacteria. When they mated, this gene was passed on to the next generation, and the next. In just ten generations, males made up forty percent of blue moon butterflies. The butterflies were no longer in danger from the bacteria. (This took only about a year; tropical insects can breed year-round and have many generations in one year.)” You can see from this that the suppressor gene was already there. This is not evolution but it is natural selection. This is the same reason that we see antibiotic and insecticide resistance. This gene (or allele) was not beneficial beforehand which is why it was only a very small proportion of the population. Evolutionists often try to conflate natural selection with evolution. Source(s):
CR YEC 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post johninjc Lv
6 7 years ago A butterfly is
a great example of how genes be suppressed in living things. Claiming that butterfly evolves is like seeing a caterpillar and then a butterfly and saying it evolved from a caterpillar to a butterfly. The genes were already present for both, the genes were just not all expressed at the same time. I would say that the genes were already there. If we can see evolution in such a short period of time we should be able to see a lot evolution over the hundred and fifty plus years we have been looking for it. I have read articles on how a black tipped shark evolved because it was now mating with another black tip shark of another species and told this was evolution even though I could not tell the sharks apart when looking at them. Yet I can see huge differences in 6 foot 6 350 pound Africans and a 5 foot 100 pound Asian and know they are the exact same species. Scientists have to play word games and not have good definitions of things like species to make evolution happen in their studies. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Greg Lv
7 7 years ago That's a pretty specific, non-religious, question... wouldn't you say? Source(s):
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2007/07/07... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 61 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can atheists become lycanthropes or is it only a theistic affliction? The James Randi Foundation will give $1 million to anyone who can prove the paranormal, occult, or the supernatural. Why hasn't ...? Do you believe my girlfriend really is cleopatra and I am Mark Anthony from a past life? How and why do some humans develop a belief in a god or gods? What goes on, in terms of psychology? Do you believe that the Covid-19 virus pandemic was created by Satan? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites