Is it tedious to defend yourself against the same accusations? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Robin Hood Robin Hood
asked in
Society & Culture Holidays Ramadan
·
1 decade ago Is it tedious to defend yourself against the same accusations? Or do you relish fighting and arguing to straigthen out the facts, no matter how repetitive you sound? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I like to straighten out the facts but the same old ridiculous accusations can sometimes make me weary. If I know the person is just fighting for the sake of fighting, and they aren't willing to ever change their opinion then I just walk away. The Prophet, sallallahu alayhi wa salam, told us that the strongest man (lol okay even though we are girls) is not one who can win a fight but the one who can walk away even when he knows he is right. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Dont stoop so low. Say or do what is necessary in ur defense but no point being repetative as people can be ignorance, arrogant, selfish weak and insecure, you cant always explain or argue to these people as they cant be reasoned with. Just try to be a good righteous devout practacing Muslim and let Allah Subanatalla guide you and let the All-Mighty judge. Peace. Source(s):
Muslim. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Well, I don't believe in fighting EVERYTHING.
In life it's important to pick your battles, if not you'll be fighting every minute of every hour of every day and that's really not the way to live life.
Not in my opinion anyway.
Gotta have some compromise sometimes.
Fight the big important battles, forgo trivial insignificant ones. Source(s):
Just my opinion. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago I recommend this family self defence program that teaches how to win and dominate a violent situation on the street or in your home
http://www.goobypls.com/r/rd.asp?gid=563 Bye 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Ajayu 1 decade ago I just walk away. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Just Ask ♥My Best Friend Sary♥ 1 decade ago No...I dont fight on small things.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Honest question to Muslim community? 4 answers Brothers and sisters don't feel sorry for George Floyd . He was a 10 year criminal , a threat to a lady's life, and involved in porn? 5 answers Will Allah answer my dua'a? 8 answers Can the name Nur el Din نور الدين‎ be used for girls also? 4 answers I've sinned so much doing major sins . What can I do to be forgiven ? I've committed so many bad thoughts and made so many errors? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it haram to call black person as raisin-head in Islam? Are Muslims bad for western society? If a family's culture doesn't allow their daughter being in bed in the first months of marriage , should I follow this or just do what I wan? Do Shias fully accepted Quran? Protester hypocrisy? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites