If you know how to juggle apples without dropping them...is it still haram? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ~Sahar~ ~Sahar~
asked in
Society & Culture Holidays Ramadan
·
8 years ago If you know how to juggle apples without dropping them...is it still haram? Update : stargirl...thanks ;) haa i know u looooovveeee him. Update 2 : salman...dafuq? no. my question is Crystal clear u perv. Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Anonymous 8 years ago Favorite Answer so u left me to juggle apples? GET BACK TO WORK NOW
lol :p lmaooooooooooooooooo i cant believe u changed ur pic to matthew mcconoughay !!!!!!!! hahahaahahhahahhahahahhaahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :') ur avi looks WAY better now ! :D --- nooooo u changed it :( put it back !!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Ella Lv
4 8 years ago Salam, I don't think so dropping an apple is haram. Although, its not really good of you and its a little unthankful for the good food Allah gave you. Its also playing with food which is out of manners. Whether you drop the apple or not, its called playing with food which is not good. So avoid it. But, I don't think its haram or sinful. I don't know. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Didn't you have a better Q to ask? i doubt if this is a serious Q. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Salman Lv
4 8 years ago It won't be juggling if you drop them on floor...You can do anything with apples except wasting them ! 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Honest question to Muslim community? 4 answers Brothers and sisters don't feel sorry for George Floyd . He was a 10 year criminal , a threat to a lady's life, and involved in porn? 5 answers Will Allah answer my dua'a? 8 answers Can the name Nur el Din نور الدين‎ be used for girls also? 4 answers I've sinned so much doing major sins . What can I do to be forgiven ? I've committed so many bad thoughts and made so many errors? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it haram to call black person as raisin-head in Islam? Honest question to Muslim community? If a family's culture doesn't allow their daughter being in bed in the first months of marriage , should I follow this or just do what I wan? How do people edit videos on YouTube? ? Do Shias fully accepted Quran? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites