True or false Sicilians and Cypriots are people of color.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Cultures & Groups Other - Cultures & Groups
·
4 years ago True or false Sicilians and Cypriots are people of color.? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Just another Y!A liar. Lv
7 4 years ago Favorite Answer My northern Italian friend (he's originally from Florence and moved back there after university) says they're- southern Italians and Sicilians- Greeks and Arabs, and not Italians.
His words, not mine. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Southern Italians are white Europeans. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post capitalgentleman Lv
7 4 years ago False.
All native Europeans are Caucasian. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kingofalltrolls Lv
6 4 years ago False. Sicilians are white. They are not "people of color". 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Cato Lv
7 4 years ago False,
they are both white. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago false 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Lionheart Lv
4 4 years ago Who gives a ****? 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are people who don’t support black lives matter too stupid to see this? 15 answers How many human races are there? Why do we look so different? 8 answers Why is being trans racial wrong? 7 answers What if Black people decided enough is enough and go back to Africa. What would America be like with out us? 10 answers Are most white women really predisposed to sympathize with Islam, or is that just a stereotype? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions ever seen the movie Get Out? How to deal with Puerto rican and Dominican ppl hating on me cuz I'm black what to do? how does skin colour affect a races functioning in an environment? how can I enhance my sexual encounters? Why is being trans racial wrong? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites