Can humans devolve instead of evolve? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
7 years ago Can humans devolve instead of evolve? Answer Save 16 Answers Relevance CRR Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer If gaining a trait is evolving then surely losing that trait should be devolving? Otherwise gaining then losing a trait would mean you have evolved twice to not evolve at all. Source(s):
CR YEC 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post tim october Lv
5 7 years ago Not "devolve" in the sense of being to homosapiens have children and they give birth to a neanderthal.
However the value of a genetic deviation can be valued as undesirable on a micro scale.
If that subject reproduces with that undesirable trait and passes it on, you could consider that devolve.
However that is getting dangerously in to eugenics. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Joline Lv
6 7 years ago The process has already begun. America is falling lower each year on the world's best educated list, Americans watch reality shows constantly instead of insisting on quality programming. We worship Hollywood stars and their divorce rates
seem more important than world events and their low level of morals is admired. Nothing is said about the increased swearing on TV and the lurid things said and many women dress like streetwalkers. Most scientists and physicists in this country are foreigners educated in America, the power of discipline has been taken away from teachers and parents, and a majority of the younger generation thinks everything is owed to them. Then there is the government, it argues instead of cooperating and getting things done. We fight foreign wars and deplete our treasury and when we leave the battle grounds the countries simply revert back to killing each other over some stupid religion. So we are going broke and winning nothing. Europeans laugh at our condition and rightfully so.......Devolution is in progress and the proof of it is that we chose to ignore it. Source(s):
Experience 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Christiana Lv
6 7 years ago Yes, why not? If evolve means "develop gradually, esp. from a simple to a more complex form", then why can we not devolve? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in johnsusan_99 Lv
5 7 years ago If they involve with God, they evolve, otherwise they devolve and call it evolution. Source(s):
See the answers of Mah Jen Bo 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
7 7 years ago it's hard to say. they way people are behaving, it does seem like they are devolving. cause when your evolving, you learn from your mistake and adapt and change. but people just seems to be making the same stupid mistake over and over. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rick Lv
6 7 years ago No.
Evolution is one directional, in the direction of better opportunity to reproduce. Except for among humans.
What it means for humans to have better opportunity to reproduce isn't settled yet.
Tech has changed the playing field fast. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sar 7 years ago Humans deserve a 25 mile wide space rock !
humans should go the way of dinosaurs Source(s):
tired of mean humans 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post highlander Lv
5 7 years ago Yeah but its still considered evolving, just into a lower level mentally. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Slender Man Lv
4 7 years ago That would still be considered evolution. As long as it is a gradual change over time in a species, it is considered evolution. Doesn't necessarily mean "progress". 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (6) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are more and more people becoming atheists? 62 answers Who was Jesus in actuality? 51 answers Is evolution a lie? 82 answers 27% of Americans believe Trump is religious. A third can't even identify what religion he is. What is your opinion? 62 answers Do you find the Judgement day belief stupid? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions If God has powers then is he a wizard? Before the Crucifixion, did the Romans brutally sodomize Jesus's butthole and piss up his colon? Should Biblical History be included in an Ancient History of the Middle East Course? When you hear that someone you don't really like is in difficulty, do you like to say that you're sending them your thoughts and prayers? Do you believe that the Covid-19 virus pandemic was created by Satan? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites