Spirit & Adversity: When the excrement strikes the rotary oscillator, what's your most common approach? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
7 years ago Spirit & Adversity: When the excrement strikes the rotary oscillator, what's your most common approach? I've found that—reminiscent of the Taijitu—I take either a more passive, or more active approach. It all depends: Sometimes it's not worth the effort, and/or is better to wait and see; sometimes, taking command through the will is the best option. I have noticed that as time goes on, though, I've especially gotten better with the former. It also helps me better work the latter: That cool-handedness carries over even in a commanding approach. How about you? ☯ BQ: Does anyone else have background thoughts that aren't words, but music? Here's the background thought I had while writing this Q: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCHYTILGez8 Update :   @Shadowfire: I'll email you some info. In the meantime, you may want to go inactive for a while... Or take on a completely unrelated name. It'd have to be good, though: If I can see through it, it's not good enough. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer Keeping a low profile works pretty well for me. In other words duck. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Doll-Fin Lv
6 7 years ago I 'reboot'. I go back to the stillness of no action and thought, then start from there, otherwise i am prone to reacting prematurely without thinking. Going back to the basics, helps me shake off the 'emotions' that provoke me into response. As a child i was good at numbing myself by my mind. But that was not good for me due to a lot of supressed emotions. I now don't supress but i just deal with them with a calmer mind than i used to. Also i keep remembering that no one or nothing can affect me without my permission to allow to be so. I don't get overwhelmed as easily i used to either. I think i owe meditation for this relatively calm demeanour, as opposed to the frantic anxious self i had become over the years. The more you act directly from the 'force' the more concentrated your power and actions and the more effective and favourable the outcome is. Source(s):
This background music comes to mind , it symbolises my state from stillness to action.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xn5x5imVEjM 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Cosmos Jones Lv
7 7 years ago I have music playing in my head at all times.
People who live with me wonder why I don't play a lot of music in our home but I can't really pay attention to anything but music. I am not able to stop thinking about the players and what they were thinking and why they wrote that part and where they borrowed it from and what notes are similar in other songs. If one instrument is out of tune, this is particularly disturbing. . When I listen to music I have to play a lot of music myself to the exclusion of eating and sleeping. It has been an addiction and a compulsion.
Sometimes I know what is going on under it all
by the music in my head. I am hearing Rosetta Tharp's
Up Above My Head right now. She sings
Up above my head their is music in the air Up above my head I hear music in the air Up above my head head head
there is music in the air and I really do believe , I really do believe there's a heaven some where. Duck. This is good enough for who it is for. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago It's almost always better to do nothing.
I don't have background thoughts, except when I mow lawns. @Shadowfire: People sometimes replace their user names with a period or comma or something... makes your answers impossible to Google. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in 狐 Josh Lv
7 7 years ago Stay inside the tractor and keep pulling. Or as I like to call it "Agricultural Campaigning" (not to be confused with political campaigning even though they mean the same thing) 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago When the poop storm hits China, it's often best to head to higher ground...up river ....or something. A rain coat and umbrella just aren't sufficient. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it ok to wash peoples feet? Are atheists into child porn? Atheists: What do you think of Carl Jung and his work on the collective unconscious? Was Jesus Christ a white supremacist Facist ? Why are the silly agnostic atheists almost as deluded as the dumb Christians? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites