Why are there two different genealogies for Jesus in Matthew and Luke? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
10 years ago Why are there two different genealogies for Jesus in Matthew and Luke? When I read the narrative, clearly both authors have Joseph's lineage in mind? So why couldn't they figure out who Joseph's father was? Answer Save 13 Answers Relevance godless Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer Yes.
Matthew and Luke are clearly referring to Joseph's side.
Besides, women were not thought to contribute to the baby because the man just planted a seed (Greek "sperm") in the woman. The gospels of Matthew and Luke disagree on the year and other details of Jesus' birth (including his lineage).
Matthew has him born in the Bethlehem home of Joseph, during the reign of Herod the Great (who died in 5 or 4 BCE [Before Common Era]).
Luke thinks he was born in a stable during the census conducted by Quirinius in 6 CE — a difference of at least 9 years!
Matthew didn't write about the census, and Luke didn't write about the wise men or Herod's “slaughter of the innocents.”
Matthew and Luke disagree wildly on Jesus' ancestry, including even his grandfather. (Matthew 1:16, Luke 3:23).
Plus, the lists in Matthew and Luke differ from 1 Chronicles 3.
Note that even listing Jesus' male ancestry disagrees with the doctrine of a virgin birth.
This problem arose when the virgin birth idea was added to the story, after they had att There's no reliable evidence that Jesus even existed.
The story of Jesus is just a myth bolted together out of prophesy and stories from the Old Testament and previous myths -- created in the 40's and 50's by Paul of Tarsus (who exhibited evidence of epilepsy and had delusions of Christ talking to him), the other apostles, the unknown authors of the gospels in the 70's or later, and many other people.
The reliable evidence for this is overwhelming. If Jesus had actually existed, Paul would have written about his life, disciples, and teachings.
Paul did not write about any of this. If Jesus had actually existed, the gospels would have been written in first person format.
Instead, they were written in third person format like a Harry Potter story, with Matthew and Luke extensively plagiarizing from Mark. If Jesus had actually existed, at least one of the approximately 30 local historians of the first century would have written about him.
No historian of the first century wrote about him or his disciples. Therefore Jesus didn't exist. Source(s):
http://www.godlessgeeks.com/JesusExist.htm
http://www.atheists.org/Did_Jesus_Exist?
http://www.jesusneverexisted.com/source.html 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post uikeab 10 years ago Jesus' genealogy is given in two places in Scripture: Matthew 1 and Luke 3:23-38. Matthew traces the genealogy from Jesus to Abraham. Luke traces the genealogy from Jesus to Adam. However, there is good reason to believe that Matthew and Luke are in fact tracing entirely different genealogies. For example, Matthew gives Joseph's father as Jacob (Matthew 1:16), while Luke gives Joseph's father as Heli (Luke 3:23). Matthew traces the line through David's son Solomon (Matthew 1:6), while Luke traces the line through David's son Nathan (Luke 3:31). In fact, between David and Jesus, the only names the genealogies have in common are Shealtiel and Zerubbabel (Matthew 1:12; Luke 3:27).
Read more >> Source(s):
http://www.gotquestions.org/Jesus-genealogy.html 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Former Dr. Bob Lv
7 10 years ago Both authors do not have Joseph's linage in mind. One lineage is Mary's.
The other is Joseph's.
The geneaology of Joseph, given in Luke, is in chronological order (so-and-so WAS THE FATHER OF so-and-so).
The genealogy through Mary, given in Mathew, is given in reverse order (so-and-so WAS A SON OF so-and-so). Luke, a Gentile writing to Gentiles, doesn't care about the Jewish lineage through the males that is so important to Jews.
Matthew, a Jew writing to a Jewish audience, addresses Jesus' Jewish birthright through Joseph. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Lost Prophecy Lv
7 10 years ago The Evangelist St. Matthew had purposely omitted many of the unimportant ancestry of Christ and there even were a few ancestors that St. Matthew did not even know about. And if you noticed that St. Matthew was addressing a Jewish crowd that is why the genealogy is at the beginning of his Gospel. Notice that the first 14 ancestors are from Abraham to David, the next 14 ancestors are from Solomon to Jechonias, and the last 14 ancestors are from Jochonias to Jesus. These were major events in Jewish history the establishment of the covenant, the establishment of the kingship, and the Exile of the Jews until the coming of the Messiah. St Luke on the hand gave a more detailed record of the ancestors of Christ. And St. Luke's genealogy is given at the beginning of Christ's public ministry, his audience were Jews and Gentiles. He broke it into Jesus to the Captivity of the Jews, the Captivity of the Jews to the kingship, the kingship to the covenant, and from the covenant to God Himself. The genealogies of Christ from St. Matthew and St. Luke are actually in harmony with each other. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in greg Lv
5 10 years ago The one in Matthew is of Joseph and the one in Luke is Mary's but it starts with Mary's father. If you compare them you will see that from Abraham to David is the same in both but from David to Jesus they are different. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post thundercatt9 Lv
7 10 years ago We are born with two genealogies, one from our father and the other from our mother. It stands to reason that if Luke traces through Mary, and Matthew through Joseph, then Christ will have two different genealogies. 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post imrod Lv
7 10 years ago The traditional explanation is one involves Joseph and the other Mary. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 10 years ago Hi! I was also fascinated about religion, so I started to study the bible to see if the book was really meaningful.and I tried to understand what the bible was saying..but all I found was a bunch of unverified stories which confuses the readers. First I saw that there were over 9 versions of the bible, and each of them were different. It said that Jesus was God's son....but then I started thinking that if God is not a human, then how could he have kids. This guy was saying that look, jesus didn't have any father, so his dad must have been God himself! But when I told him that Adam and Eve didn't have any parents either. Does that make them god's children too? Well, all this was so confusing , that I started looking into some other religion to see what they had to say about God etc.Then Bible considers everyone to be sinners, and that God had to send his "son" to get rid of sins.This was strange that God would kill his innocent "son" in order to get rid of evil satan.! it sounded pretty cruel to me.Why would His "son" have to die for other peoples sins, or for satan, who makes people sin? Christianity also calls religious law a curse,and so that if someone follows religious laws ,they are in a curse. Not too long ago, I bumped into this guy named Yousef Estes. He was a priest, so I told him about my confusions.Then he told me about a book called the Quran. It was the holy book of a religion called Islam. He told me that this book was "really" original. And trust me, when I read it, it didn't seem man made at all. The entire book didn't have a single contradictory statement. Then I later searched on you tube...you may want to check this out too;.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHiAGHFnzMU
.
If you watch a couple of those videos , you'll be amazed by some of the facts that matches so much with modern science. I mean if a guy wrote that book, he couldn't have known all this stuff more than 1400 years ago. In Islam,everyone is responsible for their own deeds, good or bad. No one dies or suffers for other peoples sins. If someone does something wrong, all he has to do is ask God for forgiveness sincerely,and promise not to do it again. God will certainly forgive him according to his intentions. At first, I wasn't too sure if this Quran was original coz I thought it was also altered like the bible, but I later went to Turkey. There, I saw the original copy of the Quran, which was written 1400 years ago. It matched exactly with the current one. Anyway, just check these out.I'm sure it will clear out your confusion. Obviously there has to be some One up there who made us, created Adam and Eve. there are so many different beliefs around,one really needs to look deep into a religion to determine if it is authentic. the maze is to find the right religion that will lead us to heaven. if it weren't so confusing then god wouldn't have created heaven or hell. anyway i bumped into this faith that made sense to me. it it believes that god sent Judaism through prophet Moses, and Christianity through Jesus, and lastly Islam through Muhammad. it honors all the past religions and it is the only faith that was never changed a bit since the prophet mohammads time. unlike Christianity which is pretty confusing with so many bibles that has been altered and Judaism that also changes their laws through Rabbis, Islam was never changed , not laws nor the holy Quran. you can actually find the real 1400 years old copy in a museum in Turkey. I don't know much about science thing, but this religion is so full of scientific proofs and it is also a complete way of life.you won't be disappointed if you checked out this religion. Good luck and keep searching 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Bill C Lv
7 10 years ago One is actually Mary's. Joseph was the son-in-law of Heli. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Elmer98 Lv
7 10 years ago why even follow the father's family since Jesus birth was from a virgin and god? 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (3) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? Atheists: What do you think of Carl Jung and his work on the collective unconscious? Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? People are destroying 5g towers globally. What disease do they cause, coronavirus? Are atheists into child porn? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites