In your opinion,whats the easiest and the most difficult language to learn? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ♌ Lv
5 ♌
asked in
Society & Culture Languages
·
8 years ago In your opinion,whats the easiest and the most difficult language to learn? I think the easiest is English and the most difficult German. Answer Save 11 Answers Relevance Anonymous 8 years ago Favorite Answer I don't think English is necessarily the easiest language. English grammar is chock full of exceptions and the prepositions drive people crazy. It is easy to be conversant in English, but it gets harder after that. I think the easiest language would be something like Spanish, which does have the subjunctive and declension thing going on but has less exceptions to the rule than English does.
The hardest language would be either Korean or Chinese. People tend to mistake Korean for a easier language than Japanese, but they are often deceived by the fact that Korean does not use Kanji (Chinese letters). Korean grammar is insanely difficult, even Koreans cannot speak the language perfectly. Chinese is hard because of the pure volume of the letters you have to learn to write, and the tonal inflections which make speaking Chinese very difficult. Depending on how you sound out the word, it can mean a lot of different things. I have studied both Chinese and Japanese, and Japanese is definitely easier than Chinese because it is easier to speak and has less Kanji. Source(s):
own experience 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago It depends what your native tongue is.
German, Dutch, Spanish and French can be easy to get the GIST of (but not necessarily become fluent in) to English speakers.
I've heard that Mandarin Chinese is insanely hard for speakers of Indo-European languages because of the character writing system and specific tonal delivery that is required for certain words.
It's different for everyone, honestly. You will find that the hardest part is not necessarily learning the words, but the sentence structure of foreign languages. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Axaminer Lv
6 8 years ago The easiest is the language of pussycats because they only have about 6 different types of meows. A non indo-european language like Chinese would be hard for me to learn I think. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Of the more popular languages, Esperanto should be the easiest (not that I speak it!), given that it's artificial and the irregularities have been purposely ironed out. Japanese does seem the most difficult to me, due to the many scripts in use. But I'm sure that the Japanese find English to be just as difficult. :) 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in because 8 years ago The easiest : English The hardest : Chinese 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post MV 8 years ago Chinese is the most difficult language because when we learn it we have to learn telling a lie that their culture. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago If you decided in learning to communicate Chinese then you need to now that the very best alternative is a Course for Mandarin. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post DR.R.Luxemburg Lv
7 8 years ago Easiest Spanish and Polish because they are both phonetic. Hardest Japanese because the same word may mean two different things depending on pronunciation and inflexion. Hope this helps 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post xy Lv
4 8 years ago Spanish
Arabic 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago as i m not english , the easiest : English hardest : russian and chineese 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (1) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What language do Americans speak as a 2nd language? 13 answers Native English speakers, could you please help me with these issues? 6 answers Why does Japan continue to embarrass itself with it's complete inability to communicate in the English language? 14 answers I'd like to ask you something about a sentence which contains a past and an infinitive..? 4 answers How do you say beautiful life in French? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Could you please explain me what part fit the best? is "Mazany" a Spanish/Latin American surname? Best Latin for this sentence? CUAL ES TU OPINION HACERCA DEL MACHISMO? como puedo disculparme con mi novia por haberle sido infiel con mi prima de 11 años? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites