Wanting to get married, why is it that hard? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Society & Culture Holidays Ramadan
·
1 decade ago Wanting to get married, why is it that hard? I'm a 29 yr old muslim girl who's wanted to get married ever since i was 20 so i can avoid doing anything unislamic like dating etc. I've been trying to get married for the last 9 years but it's not happening for me.
Islam tells us to get married early so we can avoid indulging in dating or having relationships, but what are we suppose to do if we are trying to get married and its not happening? does anybody know any duas you can tell me to read to get married? Answer Save 12 Answers Relevance ♥ Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Assalaam Alaikum WAramatullah Wabarakatahu Sabrr is most befitting Insha'Allah. Just put your Trust in Allah swt and I know some good brothers who are strong in the Deen so send me an email Insha'Allah if you want =) I have been wanting to get married since I was 18, and now I am 22 it seems to be going well Alhamdulillah, know that your Lord swt knows best for you and once you Put your Trust in Him, no matter what you encounter you say Alhamdulillah and accept the Qadr and be pleased with His (swt) decree. ---
@ Naina dear what you have posted has no basis in Islam, it is not mentioned in Quran nor Sunnah. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I have the same problem! I wanted to get married at the age of 15, but
it didn't happen in the last 7 years! Now I am 22 I think it is happening! 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post ! Lv
5 1 decade ago A lot of patience. It's a good time to make plenty of dua esp on the odd nights. I know what you mean about it being difficult. I've never wanted to get married and people would mention a brother who wants to get married. I used to play dumb and say stuff like hope he finds a nice wife. Now I feel like I'm ready to get married and it's still difficult. The guy has to have my brothers approval. Noub, details. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Sabr. I thought i was going to die in my house for not leaving Islam but after 3 years i got kicked out only ...and im still here :) Make du'a for Allah swt to bless you with a good muslim husband, and also tell your parents that you want to get married and your friends (maybe they can help find a brother for you)-my friends searched for brothers(via their husbands & brothers) 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Naina 1 decade ago http://www.duas.org/matri.htm In case a boy or a girl has not been able to get married & wishes to do so Recite foll :- -Recite surah al Ahzaab (chapter 33) regularly.
-Recite surah al Mumtahinah (chapter 60) five times daily,
-Recite surah at Taha (chapter 20) and blow breath on a glass of water and let the girl drink it. -Recite verse 36 of Yasin 100 times before salat of tahajjud for 40 days "subh'aanallad'ee khalaqal azwaaja kullahaa mimmaa tumbitul arz'u wa min anfusihim wa mimmaa laa ya'lamoon, " sister there are many duaa's on this website
please take your time and read them! may allah help you, have sabr my sister ! 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post I'm Blessed Lv
6 1 decade ago I know a few nice Brothers. You can e mail me for details. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post The Texan 1 decade ago I hope you'll get married soon I want to get married too .lol but thats after
university 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I know a guy who wants to get married. 0 4 2 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago sabr. your time will come inshallah remember, allah is with the patient ones. it's hard right, but aren't tests hard?
sabr. 0 4 1 Login to reply the answers Post S.W.A.T 1 decade ago have patience.... Allah has said to have patience in love... u will see him one day.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (2) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Brothers and sisters don't feel sorry for George Floyd . He was a 10 year criminal , a threat to a lady's life, and involved in porn? 4 answers Will Allah answer my dua'a? 7 answers Can the name Nur el Din نور الدين‎ be used for girls also? 4 answers I've sinned so much doing major sins . What can I do to be forgiven ? I've committed so many bad thoughts and made so many errors? 5 answers Ramadan.who is in charge of Pakistan? 8 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions If parents don't allow being in bed at first for some time after being married , should I follow this or do I have right to do what I want ? If a family's culture doesn't allow their daughter being in bed in the first months of marriage , should I follow this or just do what I wan? Are Muslims bad for western society? How do you find peace when you are struggling in the moments for it as a result of abuse from the past ? Brothers and sisters don't feel sorry for George Floyd . He was a 10 year criminal , a threat to a lady's life, and involved in porn? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites