Why can't I forgive people? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ℒαℓα ιѕ ℒoɕα Lv
5 ℒαℓα ιѕ ℒoɕα
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
7 years ago Why can't I forgive people? This is going to sound super dramatic and stupid but I need some help here.... Something happened to me a little while ago and I want to forgive the people who hurt me badly, but I just can't. I think I may also be jealous of them in a way for getting through life so easily yet stepping all over people. I'm seriously angry at them for doing what they did and getting away with it. They live a lie and they dont care! At first I tried to forget about it but then I started to hate them. I thought that hating on them wouldn't do any harm but....it did. And now I get angry very easily with people and I just dont know what to do. This probably made no sense. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Yourinnervoice Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer So basically, you're saying that someone without manners befitting a human is worthy of jealousy? Thing is, no one can hurt you without your consent. That is, to say,
you must have extended respect
for them too far . I don't mean to sound as if I'm putting this as your doing.
But we all hurt from time to time- what's most important is that we learn from it, and how not to repeat the mistakes of a like situation. Being short with others is a sign of major stress -probably negative stress. You do know that there are forms of positive stress, as well, I hope. It's the negative kind
that we often are aware of, because it's usually in need of attending to in some way. Practice not being so short with others, especially those close to you. That makes for less bumps in the road of life. Hope this helps in some small way. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Moi Lv
7 7 years ago you may feel morally superior to them - you feel that they owe you a debt
you're not - and regardless you must forgive them
you're only hurting yourself by not forgiving others - its poisoning your soul and you MUST forgive all others before God will forgive you
Mat 6:14 For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you:
Mat 6:15 But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago Question to God 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it normal to feel lost in today's world? If you take lsd, dmt, and magic mushrooms 🍄 would you see god? Atheism is the knowledge that gods simply don't exist. When will agnostics jump off their fence and finally realize this "fact"? People are destroying 5g towers globally. What disease do they cause, coronavirus? Are atheists into child porn? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites