what reason did Luke give for writing the gospel? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ☢ Radio Active ☢ Lv
4 ☢ Radio Active ☢
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
9 years ago what reason did Luke give for writing the gospel? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Anonymous 9 years ago Favorite Answer Luke 1 Dedication to Theophilus
1 Inasmuch as many have taken in hand to set in order a narrative of those things which have been fulfilled[a] among us, 2 just as those who from the beginning were eyewitnesses and ministers of the word delivered them to us, 3 it seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first, to write to you an orderly account, most excellent Theophilus, 4 that you may know the certainty of those things in which you were instructed. It's pretty much in his prologue to his Gospel, luke compiled his gospel like an investigative reporter and just wanted everyone to know the truth. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kevin C 9 years ago If we don't know who wrote it, how do we know Luke didn't right it?
Who wrote Mark, John, Matthew?
The books weren't named by the writers yes.
Tradition is how all the books were named.
Luke did write the Gospel of Luke. The author of the Third Gospel and of the Acts is the most versatile of all New Testament writers. He can be as Hebraistic as the Septuagint, and as free from Hebraisms as Plutarch. . . He is Hebraistic in describing Hebrew society and Greek when describing Greek society". His great command of Greek is shown by the richness of his vocabulary and the freedom of his constructions. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago The writer (to whom we've given the name "Luke") wrote it for Theophilus, "that you [Theophilus] may have certainty concerning the things you have been taught".
IOW, they said it so I'm going to repeat it.
He was the first one to ride a Christian's coat-tails. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago Luke didn't write it. no one knows who actually wrote it. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 9 years ago He was just callin' it like he saw it. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Stew Lv
4 9 years ago To further christian propagnda... 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post choko_canyon Lv
7 9 years ago He was trying learn how to use the force, duh. Search your feelings, you know it to be true. 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Was Jesus Christ a white supremacist Facist ? Atheists: What do you think of Carl Jung and his work on the collective unconscious? Does anyone REALLY think that Donald Trump is a good Christian man, on God's side, and with God backing him up? Seriously? Are atheists into child porn? If you take lsd, dmt, and magic mushrooms 🍄 would you see god? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites