Are Sicilians also considered Italians? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Lisa Lisa
asked in
Society & Culture Cultures & Groups Other - Cultures & Groups
·
6 years ago Are Sicilians also considered Italians? Answer Save 11 Answers Relevance Giuly Lv
7 6 years ago Favorite Answer Sicilians ARE Italians. We don't ''consider'' them Italians, they're Italians given that the region
they were born in belongs to Italy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post !Barbara! Lv
4 6 years ago Yeah Sicilians are considered Italian even most of them refer to themselves as 'Sicilian.' 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Sicilians ARE italians.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Love_my_Cornish_Knight❤️ Lv
7 6 years ago They ARE Italians. Most of them are way darker than average Italians (even though there are many fair-skinned/blue-eyed/blondes among Sicilians too due to the Normans's conquest), yet, they are Italians indeed. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Zer0 Lv
7 6 years ago Yes... Sicily is an island apart of the country Italy, therefore there nationality is "Italian". Ethnically, "Sicilian" is it's own ethnic group. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago I have met many Sicilians who themselves adamantly do not think that they are Italians. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mark Lv
7 6 years ago Yes. Q:
What country is Sicily a part of? A:
Italy. And it's a LOT closer to the rest of Italy than Hawaii is to the rest of the US. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post ==== Lv
6 6 years ago Yes.. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bacchus Lv
6 6 years ago Just as American as Californians are Californian. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Dr. Jekyllstein Lv
7 6 years ago Yes, yes they are. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (1) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are people who don’t support black lives matter too stupid to see this? 15 answers How many human races are there? Why do we look so different? 8 answers Why is being trans racial wrong? 7 answers What if Black people decided enough is enough and go back to Africa. What would America be like with out us? 10 answers Are most white women really predisposed to sympathize with Islam, or is that just a stereotype? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions ever seen the movie Get Out? how does skin colour affect a races functioning in an environment? how can I enhance my sexual encounters? Does Western cowboy culture have roots in both Southern US and Mexican culture? Why do East Asians look down on Brown/Dark skinned people ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites