If the Book of Enoch was made into a movie who should be cast in it? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Parrot Trooper Lv
7 Parrot Trooper
asked in
Society & Culture Religion & Spirituality
·
7 years ago If the Book of Enoch was made into a movie who should be cast in it? Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance s_m_o_r_b Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Wolf Blitzer. Who better to accurately portray an unctuous, ingratiating suck-up who, though no particular merit, rises to great heights and then does exactly what the "powers that be" want? Source(s):
(Assuming we're including the Enoch apocrypha in this.) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Apostle James The Greater Lv
7 7 years ago The best person would be the Apostle James the Greater, For he has lived his same life and even greator, Their would be no other person that Enoch would approve of being used for no one else is as worthy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post biggalloot2003 Lv
7 7 years ago Tom Cruise and John Travolta, definitely. They would provide credibility. Miley Cyrus would be good. It's too bad Liberace died! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 7 years ago WOW. They would have to use a lot of CGI since it is all about angels and monsters. I can't imagine who would be cast into those parts. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Spinning Netch Lv
6 7 years ago Ernest Borgnine. In his present condition. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is the idea of sin a bunch of nonsense? 40 answers How stupid is the belief that only born again Christians go to heaven? 66 answers Is evolution a lie? 37 answers Is it TRUE that once in HEAVEN your MEMORY is ERAISED and you pass ETERNITY  singing to the GLORY OF GOD LIKE a MINDLESS PARROT? 6 answers What will replace religion? 56 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why are the silly agnostic atheists almost as deluded as the dumb Christians? Are atheists into child porn? Is it ok to wash peoples feet? Atheism is the knowledge that gods simply don't exist. When will agnostics jump off their fence and finally realize this "fact"? If you take lsd, dmt, and magic mushrooms 🍄 would you see god? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites