will my dog be healtier after being spayed? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Leanne Leanne
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
1 decade ago will my dog be healtier after being spayed? i have a maltese dog Answer Save 13 Answers Relevance Loz Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Spaying won't make her 'healthier' as such in the short term, but it greatly reduces the risk of certain health problems later in life. Spaying eliminates the risk of pyometra (infection of the uterus), which can be life threatening, and greatly reduces the risk of mammary (breast) cancer as she gets older. It also eliminates the risk of other disease such as uterine and ovarian cancers. Source(s):
Soon-to-graduate veterinary student 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post aisha Lv
5 1 decade ago Spaying eliminates heat cycles which are messy and can be dangerous for a toy dog, should a larger dog get in your yard and breed with her. It also eliminates possibilities for some forms of cancer. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ginnrc Lv
5 1 decade ago Animals that are spayed tend to live longer.
I had both my cats spayed and one lived to be 15 and the other just turned 18 last week. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post raticals.com Lv
4 1 decade ago Absolutely. Spaying reduces the chances of reproductive health issues. 0 4 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in DP Lv
7 1 decade ago Well she won't develop certain health problems. But spaying your dog won't fix say.. skin problems or an ear infection or something. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Getting her spayed could help her in the long run. Since she won't go through heat, she won't have false pregnancies, get mammary infections, uterin cancer, or have pups. I would get her spayed. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post curious_boricua_soul Lv
5 1 decade ago Yes because the chances of having cancer at a young age becomes less. Take care! Source(s):
Dog owner for years. Former breeder. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Shar Pei Lady Lv
4 1 decade ago Not necessarily healthier ,but it will definitely keep her healthier in the long run.And she will be happier and easier to get along with too! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Carole Q Lv
6 1 decade ago Yes. Emotionally - - hormones not going crazy which gives stress. Physically - - -
less reproductory problems. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post heysanj75 Lv
4 1 decade ago Of course. Healthier, Happier and you will be too. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (3) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 21 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 15 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 13 answers Is taking out your puppy during a storm safe? 15 answers Why do dogs have to sleep in cages? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Will dogs kill and eat their masters if they get too hungry? Is their anything I can do about this persons dog that runs up to me while I’m going for a walk it grows, barks and tries to bite me.? Potty area for dogs? will a puppy stop growing if it doesn't eat? My puppy has parvo we took him to the vet charged us 800 dollars we been trying to take care of him but he’s not getting better? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites