Is my fish suffering/ how can I put it out of its misery? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Fish
·
8 years ago Is my fish suffering/ how can I put it out of its misery? My female guppy is lying on the bottom of my tank and its gills are moving a mile a minute. its fins seem to be slightly rotted and I need to know if I should wait it out or just put her out of her misery. Please answer, she has been like this for 2 days. Update : I can't really do anything to the water because I have 8 other perfectly healthy fish living in the tank. She is getting worse as I type this and now I'm just looking for the quickest way to put her down. Answer Save 9 Answers Relevance Chelsea Lately Lv
7 8 years ago Favorite Answer Personally I always try to save my fish, sometimes they surprise you. Have you tried to treat for anything? Like fin rot?
However if the fish is that bad and you feel like it's the best thing you can euthanize it.
Since most people don't have clove oil laying around and you probably don't have vodka either you'll need a bowl (something with a lid) and water. Place the bowl in your freezer until a layer of ice forms on top. Then take out the bowl and make a hole big enough for the fish in the ice. Next put the fish in the bowl...the cold water will essentially put the fish to sleep slowing all organ functions. Cover the bowl and place it back in the freezer. The fish will start to go to sleep and eventually after the whole bowl is frozen will die. It's an easy process and like I said it lulls the fish to sleep until organ function ceases. It's not mean and you're putting the fish out of her misery. You'll need to leave the bowl in the freezer with the fish for say 30-45 minutes.
Sorry about your fish! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago How about you treat her? Other fish can handle medication quite well, it doesn't have any ill affects. Get a bacterial medication to treat the fin rot, as it may spread to your other fish without treatment. Even if she passes buy the meds and watch for any symptoms in the other fish. You should listen to Angelfish, answering the questions he asked require a simple water test and common knowledge. If you really want to put her out, clove oil works best. It's an anesthesia and will kill if overdosed. Fill a container just high enough so that she can sit upright, then slowly add the clove oil until the container is full. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Angelfish 8 years ago What size tank? Ammonia, nitrite, nitrate levels? Temperature? Last water change? Other fish? pH? Edit: IMO severing the spinal cord is the quickest and least painful for the fish; although you may not like doing it. It will immediately cut off all neural impulses to and from the brain. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post Mugsy Webb 8 years ago If she has been like that for 2 days sadly she will probably die. Freezing her is the most humane way I know of. If you just can't do it, do daily or twice daily water changes and see if she gets better. I personally just can't kill a fish that I know is living sadly. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Jessie 8 years ago She will probably die at this point, from your description of her condition.
You can just let nature take its course and then net the body out after she has passed, or you may want to try freezing her.
I've never done it personally because I'm ever hopeful a fish will recover, but many people do use this method to help a fish pass on without flushing it. 0 2 3 Login to reply the answers Post Kristy Head 8 years ago Put him out of his misery. Do not cut him or anything stupid. I would just flush him down the toilet. All the waves and things will let him die very fast. Source(s):
Self resource. 0 1 3 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Put her out of her misery.
I'll tell you a humane way to do it.
Get her and put her in some water of you tank, put it in the fridge, and freeze it.
Or flush her down the toilet.
Or put a really take her out and lay her on a table and squish her with a book.
I know it sounds kind of mean but if you want to put her out of her misery really quick, thats how you do it. 0 1 6 Login to reply the answers Post Side Bugger XTZ Lv
6 8 years ago Pick it out and toss it in the trash.
It'll stop breathing in about 5 seconds. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Ultimate KKponds 8 years ago try getting carbonated water and put her in it and shake it 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions i just got bit by a bat in a cave. do i have rabbies? 4 answers Shouldn't all aquarium fish be set free? 7 answers i just took a wicked big poo and it wont flush.the water isnt refilling in the tank either.? 6 answers do u eat as much fish as you should? 5 answers What is the best fish food to buy? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can crayfish eat sausage? Is this filter okay for my juvenile betta? Janitor fish questions:
1. Can they be put in a pond with kois and carps?
2. Will their waste be harmful to the fishes when they're big? Can my fish still live? Is this a male or female neon tetra? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites