To Sillygoose:re: afterbirth/puppies, can you explain further? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products gemma Lv
4 gemma
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
1 decade ago To Sillygoose:re: afterbirth/puppies, can you explain further? If there is not afterbirth for each pup, what happens? Update : Thank you eveyone:
I didn't know that. I don't think there were 4 afterbirth issues, I counted 3.
Will take her to the vet tomorrow.
Glad I was online tonight. Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Chetco Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Here is a site that tells you most of what you need to know>
http://www.thepetcenter.com/gen/whelping.html If the aftebirth isn't all expressed, it can cause mom to bleed longer, and may cause a uterine infection. But, when you take mom in for a post partum exam, the vet is likely to give her the hormone to help her get rid of all birthing stuff.. Source(s):
dog breeder since 1968 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post BelindaLoo 1 decade ago After each pup is born, the sac in which they have been protected in is eaten by the mother. After all the pups are born, an additional sac appears and is also consumed by the mother. If you were present at birth, you would have noticed alot of licking of the pups, which included removing these sacs. If you were not present, there is no way you could know if this was done.
However, if the mother's lower abdomen is taut or firm and if she has a fever or displays general signs of discomfort, take her immediately to your veterinarian.
Also, if there is any doubt as to whether the afterbirth has been expelled from the uterus, contact your vet. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rada S Lv
5 1 decade ago You always have afterbirth after each puppy...It can take up to 2 hours after the birth to be expelled.
The mother usually eats it...so if you are sure there was no afterbirth you need to take her to the Vet as this can cause the mother to get an infection. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post broderic Lv
4 4 years ago clinical learn into the lifestyles of God has revealed no longer something. "0" there is that if fact be told, no evidence what so ever, for the lifestyles of a God. non secular personalities have had 5000 years to supply any appropriate evidence for the lifestyles of god and the final thy can arise with are some incredibly refutable philosophical arguments. is a few situations, like the properly-time-commemorated Pascal's guess, the arguments are self defeating and omit the element thoroughly. The ontological argument is in step with risk the main silly, "i will think of of a suited god so it exists. If it did no longer exist it does no longer be suited." i will think of of the suited
Santa
Clause too yet i'm incredibly particular it would not exist. The absurdity of Christian good judgment is in simple terms yet one extra reason to no longer have faith interior the religion. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in rollandday 1 decade ago I AM NOT SILLYGOOSE BUT THERE IS AFTER BIRTH FOR EVERY PUP.THE MOMA EATS EVERY THING AN CHEWS THE UMBILICAL CORD OFF. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 21 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 15 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 13 answers Is taking out your puppy during a storm safe? 15 answers Why do dogs have to sleep in cages? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How I worry about my German shepherd puppy attacking my other dogs when he grows up ? Kangal-Staffordshire mix in yard behind me. Dog seems like the real deal, does not back away when I make sudden move toward it to test him? Is this normal/ok for a dog? will a puppy stop growing if it doesn't eat? Is their anything I can do about this persons dog that runs up to me while I’m going for a walk it grows, barks and tries to bite me.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites