Can rough green snakes eat earthworms? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Reptiles
·
7 years ago Can rough green snakes eat earthworms? Also What is a list of things they can eat. thanks. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer No earthworms are natural predators to the rough green snake. The green from their skin is due to the fact that they often hide in nearby shrubery to avoid their ennemies(earthworms). The earthworms general tactic is to hunt in groups of 3 or 4 million, spread over a large area. they come up from under the ground like shooting bullets to lach onto the rough green snake and eat thier skin.
One of the earthworm'd defence tactics are when hurt, they split up, and increase their danger potential. The earthworms natural eneimes are regular house flies. The house flies sneek up on the worms when they are attacking the rough green snake. So it is a battle of epic proportians. Source(s):
science 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post All Chill 7 years ago You should be feeding him crickets meal worms and wax worms, they prefer wax worms don't feed any type of rodent to them and you should dust there food Source(s):
Just did some research neat little snakes they are. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do the words "cobra" and "snake" have the exactly same meaning? 11 answers What do you do if you see an alligator ? 7 answers What type of snake is this? ? 5 answers If you ever had a turtle, how long did your turtle live? 12 answers Kingsnake infection? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do the words "cobra" and "snake" have the exactly same meaning? how to eat a red dragon fruit? Turtle shell health? red eared slider ? PLEASE HELP!!! MY LEO GECKO CAN'T EAT WHEN SHE TRIES!!? Are snakes friendly? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites