Good dog training books recommendation? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products BonBonMom Lv
4 BonBonMom
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
1 decade ago Good dog training books recommendation? I want to read as many books as possible from different dog trainers/behaviourists to broaden my knowledge.
I know lots of people like Culture Clash and the Cesar Millan series.
Any other recommendations?
Thanks. Thanks. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Anything at all by Patricia McConnell, Suzanne Clothier, Pat Miller or Ian Dunbar would be an excellent choice.
Brenda Aloff's book "Get Connected With your Dog" would improve anyone's relationship with their dog.
"Purely Positive Training" by Sheila Booth is also a great book.
There's many out there, some of them are for specific problems - way too many to mention. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I have tried trainers, books, etc. all with not much luck. A few years back, I bought an ebook training system called "The Secrets To Dog Training," from a website called Puppy Professor
http://puppyprofessor.comyr.com/training
and it made all the difference in the world. I won't need another trainer again, this book has it all, even a chapter on dog whispering, like Cesar Milan, that is way cool. I encourage you to check it out. It has saved me time, and most of all money. It's like $40 i believe, but it's 7 or 8 books all in one package. Really, it's an incredible deal, and a tremendous help. The link is in the resource box Source(s):
The Secrets To Dog Training
http://puppyprofessor.comyr.com/training 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Hi, I understand that you are looking for some advice or resources to help fully train your dog or fix behavior problems. If a professional dog trainer is not an option at this time, or if you want to trt training your dog on your own (a great way to bond), I'd suggest you
https://bitly.im/aMfYw
A friend recommened it to me a few years ago, and I was amazed how quickly it worked, which is why I recommend it to others. The dog training academy also has as an excellent home training course. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Find what motivates your dog. Some dogs do anything for food. Some dogs do anything for Toys. Some do anything for a good petting. Some do anything for only one type of food, like cheese, or hotdog. Some only have interest in training for 5 minutes at a time, and others can go for an hour. Figure out what your dog is willing to work for, and then work with her in sessions that are no longer than she can tolerate. How to train your dog properly
https://tr.im/xPkIr Sign up for a dog obedience training class. It will not train your dog. It will give you training on how you can train your dog. Most people understand the idea of training, but there is a right and a wrong way to do it, and there is good and bad technique. Timing and consistency is very important, and it helps to have feedback of someone watching you who can help you improve your technique to get more efficient results with your dog.
However, she may be somewhat anxious around other dogs, sort of like the shy kid on the playground. She will benefit from continuing what you are doing as far as asking her to sit before entering, but there are more things along those lines that will help her to calmly go in and out of the dog park. She may also benefit from going in short bursts, or only when fewer dogs are present, or avoiding times when other dogs that make her nervous are present. Maybe she just plays loud - my brother's dog is this way - or maybe she is a dogpark bully - sorry it is possible. But more likely she is just a little anxious around new dogs and she wants to play but just doesn't quite know how to do that and still feel comfortable. Don't be surprised if your dog does not actually like the dog park, and maybe she would get more enjoyment and less stress out of simply going for a good walk somewhere else.
A wagging tail does not mean that your dog is happy or even comfortable with the situation. It means your dog is emotionally aroused. This could be a happy arousal, or it could be a nervous arousal, or it could be an aggressive arousal. Go youtube it, there are plenty of videos of 'vicious' dogs who are throwing a very aggressive fit of barking and snarling while their tail is wagging vigorously. Even police dogs who are not let off the leash to chase down a suspect can be lunging and barking and snarling, and their tails are still going. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in RuthAnn Lv
7 1 decade ago There are so many!
Good for U that U R going to educate yourself. Here is a great one -- "Family Dog" by Richard Wolters. He also wrote "Gun Dog" and "Water Dog" Almost anything be Carol Lea Benjamen -- she writes about obedience, general dog behavior and adopting and tricks -- lots of good stuff there. I have met her in person and she is wonderful. Go to Dogwise.com and check out there book list. If U want AKC stuff like for obedience trials get "Expert Obedience Training" by Winnifred Strickland. It is illustrated with German Shepherd Dogs. So much out there now-a-days. When I started training dogs there were only two training books on the public library shelves (Blanche Saunders who started AKC competitions in obedience & Keohler, one of Walt Disney's trainers for movies) Now there are hundreds of dog training books. Enjoy! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago You can improve your vision by essentially learning, naturally and practicing the correct approach for ten minutes a day.
You can check this technique that is focused around a scientific researches
(
http://getyourvisionbacknow.keysolve.net
) Basically what glasses do is bolt the eyes into their refractive state and in order to transparent your lenses you need to keep up the poor vision that the lenses are intended to correct. This program demonstrates to you a proved method to improve your vision naturally, permanently and with complete results. I suggest to check the link that I posted above to discover the secret to restore
vision naturally. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 21 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 15 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 13 answers Is taking out your puppy during a storm safe? 15 answers Why do dogs have to sleep in cages? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why do dogs lick you ? Is their anything I can do about this persons dog that runs up to me while I’m going for a walk it grows, barks and tries to bite me.? will a puppy stop growing if it doesn't eat? Will dogs kill and eat their masters if they get too hungry? Is dog cancer contagious to other dogs?? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites