Burdock removel in kitten? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Cats
·
1 decade ago Burdock removel in kitten? My young kitten got out and now has burdocks and i am trying to help him remove them and he will not let me, he is clawing and trying to bite me i was wondering if anyone had any advice on how to remove them Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Meow 1 decade ago Favorite Answer in extreme situations where cooperation is mandatory try scruffing your kitty (grabbing the kitty by the scruff of the neck) not painfully but firmly they usually calm down and you are able to do what you need to do. just lay him down grab the scruff of his neck and quickly try to work out the burrs with the other . 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post leandra 1 decade ago first of all get another person. kittens may be small but they're vicious! try using quite a bit of Crisco or shortening and just massage it into his fur until you can work the burdock out. and then you get to have the fun job of bathing him with baby shampoo to get the Crisco out : ) have fun and just rember he's cute and young... Source(s):
personal experiances 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Grandma of 2 Lv
5 1 decade ago Wait until he gets really really tired and then try quickly clipping them out with scissors.
It might take a long time since he will "wake-up" and try to nail you again.
If you don't get them out though, they will just get matted in his fur and then you will have a real mess.
Someone might have to hold him for you, so you can clip faster. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dances With Woofs! Lv
7 1 decade ago Have someone help to hold him while you quickly comb them out.The longer you wait,the worse they will become stuck in his fur,and you may have to take him to the vet to be shaved. Source(s):
Have had cats for over 40 years. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago I got them in my hair once and had to use tons of lotion to comb them out. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Name ideas for male orange cat ? 17 answers Why does my kitten like to sleep in my hat? 8 answers How many cats is too many cats for one man to own? 18 answers Why don't big cats hunt other big cats as food? 11 answers Why dont cat toys work with dogs? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Cat is mad after I yelled? My puppy ate cat poop with small white worms that looked like maggots. He hasnt thrown up. But should I be concerned ? Will a 1 year old cat get along with a 6 week old kitten? ? Did Ted Nugent have cat scratch fever? What breed of cat in this picture? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites