why doesnt my dog like bulldogs? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? ?
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
1 decade ago why doesnt my dog like bulldogs? i have an intact male Labrador retriever who is friendly to every dog breed except bulldogs (american and english) and boxers. They will come up to him all friendly wanting to play who mean no harm and he just growls pins them down and wants to fight them or chase them away. He only does this to these breeds and is friendly to every other dog. If this has to do with him not being fixed then why doesn't he do it to other breeds? does he just not like the way they look or what do you think it is? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Perhaps their smashed faces and huge jowls are strange to your Labrador? I mean, after all, they do make the dogs' faces look ENORMOUS. Maybe your dog is just really put off by them and is trying to protect you, himself, or his territory from the big, scary dog chompers. An intact dog is also very often more territorial than a cut dog (not always, but often), so perhaps he isn't intimidated by other dogs, just dogs with that sort of specific look. Some dogs are just.. odd. I'd just keep that in mind when you spot a dog with a scrunched-up face around so that you can keep your dog and the other dog safe from attacking each other. Not much else you can do - if he doesn't like them, he'll likely never like them and that's just fine unless you decide you want a dog with a face like that. :) Source(s):
Dog owner, obedience trainer. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rogue Bullies Lv
6 1 decade ago Its most likely because they are bully breeds and very dominant so he wants to try and dominant them and be the boss.
the only dog my BT has not liked was a american bulldog also. Getting your dog fixed should help.
Good luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much Lucky Charms is OK for a beagle dog to eat? 17 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 22 answers Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 27 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 20 answers Swimming for mobility issues? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Roommates dog won't stop peeing on my stuff? Is it a bad idea to adopt a 1 year old German Shepard? Is it safe to feed a dog raw? What does good
Dog taste like? if i find a wiener doggy and its no ones can i keep it ?? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites