how to stop my dog from eating other dogs excrement? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products gino 595 gino 595
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
1 decade ago how to stop my dog from eating other dogs excrement? Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer It's easier to stop a dog from eating its own dung...there are compounds you can put in his food that make it unpalateable when it comes out the back end. It's harder when he's eating other dogs'. You'll have to watch him and keep him either on the leash or in a fenced yard to keep him away from his nasty little secret pleasure.
Since my boxer brought me a dead squirrel this afternoon, I'm thinking I'd almost rather he ate p**p! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post andromedasview@sbcglobal.net Lv
5 1 decade ago Hello,
First, you need to understand why many dogs do this.
In the wild, canines are territorial animals, and mark their territory with their feces, urine, and scent glands in their feet (that's why many dogs will "rough up" the grass after they defecate, to further identify that area as "MINE").
So, when an interloper invades their marked territory, they want to remove it's "claim" to their land.
So, some will pee or poo over the intruder's leavings.
Others will bury it, and some will eat it.
There is no truth to the rumor that dogs eat their own or other's poo for any nutritional benefit.
Feces is what's left over after all the available nutrients have been removed by the eater's body.
Since all dogs are members of the same species, there's no reason to think that what was expelled from one dog's body would be of any nutritional benefit to another dog.
How do you stop this behavior?
Well, if the "stranger's" leavings are in your yard, keep your yard cleaned out, of any leavings, even your own dog's.
Bacteria, mold, fungus and other potentially dangerous things can grow in dung, and ingesting them could make your dog sick.
Also, if the stranger dog had any parasites, your dog could get them from eating the poo.
If your dog eats others' droppings outside your yard, take him/her out on a leash (always a better idea than letting a dog run loose, since they often get killed, stolen or injured).
It's probably OK to let him/her smell the leavings of peers, since dogs learn so much by scent.
But, if your dog starts to eat it, use a repeated command he/she will associate with anything you want dropped or left alone, such as "leave it!", with a gentle tug on the leash.
Before giving your dog any command or getting his/her attention, say their name.
That gets their attention and tells them the following words or gestures are directed to them.
So, say, "Rockie, leave it".
When the object is dropped or left alone, praise your pet with a "good boy" or "good girl" and some petting.
Consistent use of the same command in a firm tone, followed with consistent praise and reinforcement for appropriate behavior is the best way to stop any undesired habit or behavior, not only for your pet, but for your children, spouse or partner, and even yourself.
Often, just as many people need "training" as do other animals.
Luckily, fewer people like to eat poo! Good luck, David Source(s):
Animal lover for my whole life. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post huppercupper 1 decade ago It's long been my understanding that something is lacking in the dog's diet;usually milk. In time this behavior can become a very difficult habit to break,if left unchecked. Shelling out the money to have some blood work done on your dog is well worth it to determine if something IS lacking in the diet. If you are walking your dog on a lead,a squirt gun full of water works wonders as well. Lottsa luck. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Its completely natural for puppies to do this, rest assured. However, if you want your puppy to outgrow this habit, then you should start by just pulling them away from it and firmly say NO. If this doesnt work, then try Bitter Apple Paste or Spray. Its completely harmless, but it works very effectively. Its kind of like the icky tasting nail polish nail biters use. You can find it at PetSmart or Petco. Good luck! :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Country_Girl 1 decade ago I have read that it's natural for dogs to eat other dogs excretment because they get natural bacteria that they need by eating it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Try forbid you can get it at your vets! It really works i had a dog that use to do that intil i started dprinkling forbid on the poop now he doesn't touch it! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Whenever he tries to eat it smack him lightly on the nose. Or pull him away from it keep doing this until he stops Source(s):
experience with dogs 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 21 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 15 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 13 answers Is taking out your puppy during a storm safe? 15 answers Why do dogs have to sleep in cages? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is their anything I can do about this persons dog that runs up to me while I’m going for a walk it grows, barks and tries to bite me.? will a puppy stop growing if it doesn't eat? Potty area for dogs? Is this normal/ok for a dog? Is dog cancer contagious to other dogs?? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites