Lyke OMGZ!! Im such a bad horsey person!!!!!!1!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Kelsie's back! RIP Astrix<3 Lv
4 Kelsie's back! RIP Astrix<3
asked in
Pets Horses
·
1 decade ago Lyke OMGZ!! Im such a bad horsey person!!!!!!1!? Sorry, I had to do it. ^ That took a lot of courage to write, I can't stand not having apostrophes where they're required. Plus I hate when people add zeds (I'm Canadian, therefore I say zed ;])
So I had this girl yell at me yesterday because I showed up to ride in shorts. Aren't they MY legs? Haha.
Then she freaked because I led him back to the barn with the reins and telling me I was going to ruin his mouth with the bit... I was at his shoulder.
I don't see where she gets her reasoning. LOL. I laughed at her (not to her face), and walked away. Don't you guys love people like that? (:
Another question I've been meaning to ask: If you were a horse, what conformation faults would you have? Update : Amore Per Cavalli: I should ask that as a regular question, shouldn't I? Haha.. Regarding the skirt, that's just weird. If it isn't side-saddle, wear some pants. ;) Answer Save 15 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Yup, your legs. Why didn't you laugh in her face? That's what I would have done. Of course no one at my barn would say that to me because they know I would laugh in their face. And OMG my horses' mouths must be ruined! I lead by the reins all the time! (It kinda comes with trail riding, pulling out the lead rope and hooking it on the halter-bridle isn't always practical) I even -*GASP*- tie my horse by the reins on occasion (he ties like a pro and I only do it in an emergency)! And I ground-tie him!!!! -*DOUBLE GASP*- OMG my horses should be dead from my mistreatment!!!!!! My conformation flaw would be a hay belly. 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post Yankeeluver 1 decade ago I don't like riding in shorts because they bunch up and annoy me, plus my bare legs get pinched in the saddle. But other than that I have no problem with that. And I don't flip my reins over my horse's head because I'm just too lazy. But yea, I hate people like that. We had one lady at our barn get mad at some girl because she was trying to get her horse into her stall to untack, which btw was clogged because the stupid lady brought her dogs to the barn, which you're not allowed to bring dogs to the barn, ever! We all made fun of her after she had left. Some people just think that they know everything and are above the rules. They deserve to be hung by their toenails and beaten with an organic carrot. As for conformation faults that I'd have as a horse, well, I can't really think of any that I can relate to or that are awesome enough (not like they are even awesome.) So I'd just have a third eye, a tooth poking through my lips, and only one ear (that I was born with, not eaten by a monster). Why? because I'm totally random and I like to stand out from everybody else. You have made me laugh, I like this question very muchly! 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Gaited Girl Lv
4 1 decade ago I've ridden in shorts before, but it was horribly uncomfortable, and I try to avoid doing it if at all possible, BUT, if someone wants to ride in shorts, that's their own business if their legs hurt.
And regarding leading the horse by the bridle, what about all those people who do English showmanship??
They all do it...in a bridle!
Gasp!
They must be horrible people!
And I lead my horse in a bridle all the time, from his stall to the arena, and from the arena back to the stall.
What else am I supposed to do, let him walk up there by himself?
There's nothing to clip a lead rope to, except the bit (although, technically you wouldn't be leading the horse with the reins, then!)
Geez.
That's the kind of people I hate at the barn. And my conformation faults...hmmm.
I'd probably be a little bit cow-hocked, and maybe base-narrow in front, who knows?
I wouldn't be a halter horse, that's for sure! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post q.h.luvr 1 decade ago Don't horse people all think they know everything about everything? Haha I know what you mean!! I put the bridle on over the halter (when I was very new to this!) and tried to take the halter off after that so only the bridle would be left on, they got very tangled in each other and thank god my horse was so patient because it was a mess! I think I gave an old lady at the barn a heart attack. I got an extremely long lecture after that about how to properly bridle a horse. Haha I think people like that mean well...they just don't understand that they're a pain. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago Hahaha. I used to wear shorts, but then soon found out my trainer TORTURES me when I ride in shorts simply because she hates it- shes very traditional. So I ride in jeans and half chaps, and bring shorts to change into. (: If I have to ride in shorts I use full chaps, but they give me rubs so I dont like to use them. And leading your horse with a bridle on won't ruin his mouth... If you're dragging him by the bit, maybe just a bit, haha.
If I were a horse... I'd have REALLY skinny legs, but still a bit muscular. I have little legs but they're like all muscle. What else... I'd probably have a limp,
because my right leg is
shorter then the other. Enough that makes it noticable. It doesn't bother me at all though. I'd also have REALLY big ears if i were a pony. :D 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post kalilalilalili<3 Lv
5 1 decade ago okay first of all i wear shorts all the time while riding! i'm known for that in the barn i ride! yeah i get marks and they hurt but i don't care! plus yeah there your legs! and i lead the horse in all the time with the reins! the horses mouth is fine! i hate people like that! there's someone like that at the barn i ride!
and for the other question, most likely the bit 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Marianne Lv
6 1 decade ago I think you're right on those. How does she lead her horse? By a nose-ring?
Yeah, THIS is why I don't want to be an equine vet. Too many crazies. Let's see....I would toe out. Definitely. I don't know if I'd be camped under or sickle hocked or anything like that, because our pelvis and whatnot are so different we can't even get a clue, but I'd toe out for sure. I do now. :P 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post ＯＨ, ＴＨＥ ＧＵＩＬＴ Lv
6 1 decade ago OK, that person is dumb! You can ride in shorts...it may not be very comfortable, but you're not going to die! And secondly, what the he** is wrong with leading your horse with a bit?? As long as you're not pulling him along or yanking on him, it doesn't make a difference! If I were a horse, I would have.... - Bowed tendons - Popped knee - A bit of a sway back 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jackio713 Lv
5 1 decade ago Wow, that made me laugh.
Yeah, my dad and a girlfriend actually broke up because he led her horse with a bit (same thing, he was at the gelding's shoulder) and she just completely lost it because apparently leading with a bit like that cuts their mouth all up and ruins them.
My confirmation fault would be that my legs would be too short and my knees would be all messed up. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post guevara Lv
4 4 years ago in case you are able to renowned that some thing isn't sturdy then you are in a extra valuable place to superb it. music is haram. It weakens the middle in accordance to a pair pupils. There are reasons that we are saying that some thing is haram and there are others which at the instant are not obvious to us. Allah knows His creation our weaknesses and strengths, if He instructions you to stay removed from some thing that is extra valuable to obey, whether the mind makes you query why. The ideas could be an evil creature and the mind has its limits. the understanding of the unseen we can not penetrate that know-how, so because of the fact somebody makes use of excellent judgment to cajole you that music isn't haram does not unavoidably make it so. Shaytan made a p.c.. with Allah that he could lie to maximum folk of the international. whilst allah created Adam(Pbuh) Shaytan stumbled on a flaw interior of Adam(Pbuh) and he observed that Adam(Pbuh) became into hollow meaning that he would desire to not administration his appetites. Recitation of the Quran will shield you. seek for risk-free haven in Allah and commence praying sister. you're saying which you're addicted to music, i became into addicted additionally. that is replaced and the 1st step became into you acknowledging that it incorrect. So study the Quran to remind your self of your limits and how the writer has none and knows what's precise for you. As Salaamu Alaikum 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (5) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do horses eat dandelions? 4 answers do horses scream? 5 answers A woman keeps on wanting to buy my horse even though I made it very clear she's not for sale.? 19 answers What is the reason you get on a horse on the left side ?        ? 6 answers How can i get my horse to respect me? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do riding school horses remember you? English bridle recommendations? Just bought a three year old Welsh cob section d and I noticed she had a very curved back, I was wondering if she had lordosis? Who is ebony davis? what would i need to pack if i wanted to be an equestrian nomad? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites