Is it a good idea to get my dog spayed? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Steph Y Lv
4 Steph Y
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
8 years ago Is it a good idea to get my dog spayed? My female dog is 7 months old. She is half Maltese and half Lhapso and is about 5lbs, I don't think she will get much bigger if at all. I heard that there is a higher risk of complications with smaller dogs. Would really appreciate some informative feedback. Thanks. Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Quinn 8 years ago Favorite Answer You should definitely spay your dog as there are many advantages. -
Spayed or neutered animals no longer feel the need to roam to look for a mate, they stay home and have less of a chance of being involved in accidents such as being hit by a car, and lower incidence of contracting contagious diseases. -
reduces the risk of certain types of cancer that can be terminal for your pet, not to mention EXPENSIVE to treat. -
can also eliminate undesirable behaviors like spraying, marking and fighting. -
Dogs and cats spayed before their first heat (six months of age) are virtually assured of not
developing mammary cancer, a relatively common disease in unspayed females. -
Spayed animals do not go through heat cycles or produce unwanted puppies or kittens. “Heat” refers to the time when female dogs and cats prepare for mating and pregnancy. -
is the law and fines can start at $100. It is also cheaper to register your pet with the city if he/she is neutered or spayed. http://www.foundanimals.org/pet-spay-neuter/spay-n... Source(s):
www.foundanimals.org 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Koda *K-9 Goofball* Lv
6 8 years ago Spaying is perfectly fine in smaller dogs(there's always a risk in every dog no matter the size when being put under)but its highly unlikely to happen.My 2 dogs are both under 10 pounds and they made it through the spay perfectly.Spaying will keep your dog from getting reproductive cancers,mammary cancers,and the life threatening Pyometra etc.Its a great idea and should be done,there is no need to worry. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post SherryF Lv
6 8 years ago I have a 5 lb Chihuahua and she did just fine. There is always a risk but if you have a good vet she wil be fine. I think it is a great idea. There are too many unwanted dogs in the world and it is very hard on the little ones to give birth. 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Complications can arise with having her spayed personally i am pro spay and neuter but with a dog that small it's probably a good idea to consult a vet before making any decision . 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in teitelbaum Lv
4 4 years ago in charge canines vendors should not be required by ability of regulation to have their pets neutured. purely say your canines is a service canines or get a letter from the Vet that your canines is undesirable to qualify for some cities exemption rules. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Holly Lv
7 8 years ago With a dog that small, it may not be necessary to spay BUT, if she were to get pregnant, it could kill her.
I would phone and talk to your vet. He knows your dog and will give you the best advice. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 8 years ago Always. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Gabrielle 8 years ago I would say yes because she will not have her period any more and she cant have puppies. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 21 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 15 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 13 answers Is taking out your puppy during a storm safe? 15 answers Why do dogs have to sleep in cages? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions will a puppy stop growing if it doesn't eat? How I worry about my German shepherd puppy attacking my other dogs when he grows up ? Is this normal/ok for a dog? Is dog cancer contagious to other dogs?? ? Is their anything I can do about this persons dog that runs up to me while I’m going for a walk it grows, barks and tries to bite me.? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites