Taking a Kitten Home? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Cats
·
1 decade ago Taking a Kitten Home? 41/2 weeks. She said that the kitten is eating solid food and not nursing as much, as well as using the litter, but I have heard so many people say 8 weeks is the min, but I don't want to risk loosing the kitten, and having to wait so much longer. Some say its okay if they are whined, some say it will cause problems. Im not sure what to do. Update : If I do bring it home, should I give it cat milk for a few weeks, and what about kitten food( hard kibble)? should it be soft food only in the beginning? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance troublesniffer Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Hi there, While you are quite excited about getting a new kitten, this baby is far too young to leave its mother and litter mates. Please do not listen to folks who tell you it is fine! It is a bad idea for both you and the kitten. Years ago I was a registered CFA breeder of Siamese and Oriental cats and I never let my kittens leave home until 12 weeks of age. The kitten still needs immune protection from mom's milk, as she still is nursing, and needs to be socialized with people and her litter mates to become a fully developed kitten. Kittens that leave their mothers too early are open to disease, can be withdrawn and very unhappy. 4 1/2 week old kitten's eyesight is not fully developed either. They more than likely still are not fully litter trained. It is just not fair. It is one thing to rescue an orpan whose mom has either died or abandoned them.. or worse.. been tossed out by the owner to fend for themselves. but to purposefully get a kitten this young is really not wise. The cat's owner doesn't really understand the make up of kittens and just wants to be rid of them. So perhaps offer her a few bucks to hold the kitten for you until she is at LEAST 8 weeks old, or find an older kitten at a shelter or adoption center.
As far as caring for a kitten this young, they have to be fed every two to three hours, and no milk meant for humans offered at all. You will need Kitten Milk Replacement, and slowly begin to give your kitten moist kitten food. By the way, that every to to three hours is around the clock, so you will have to set your alarm clock and get up to feed her. She may still need some help "peeing" so may possibly have to stimulate her elimination processes after feeding, with a warm moist washcloth. Just so you know about kitten developmental stages and that I am not "daft" about the age that kittens should leave home, here is an article by a very reliable website about the topic. http://www.sniksnak.com/cathealth/kittendev.html Please wait another 4 weeks at least so that your kitten is old enough to be away from Mom, and has had a chance to learn how to be a cat. Mom will be teaching her things, and being able to interact with litter mates is essential for normal development. Hope this helps, Troublesniffer Owned by cats for over 40 years Member: Cat Writer's Association 0 10 0 Login to reply the answers Post R C Lv
5 1 decade ago You need to wait until she is 8 weeks old. Kittens *need* their mother for nutrients and they are not fully weaned until they're 6 weeks. Yeah they'll eat "solid food that has been watered down and made mushy" at 4.5 weeks, but they still need nutrients from their mother's milk. Mom cats and other kittens in the litter help socialize them.
On the other hand, if the people are giving her up are completely oblivious to her needs and will give her to someone else (who may be completely ignorant about her needs) right away if you say you want to wait, you can keep her at 4.5 weeks. You need to get her a warm bed, a water bowl, and some kitten replacement milk (not cow milk!!!!) and wet food. Mix some of the wet food into the milk and show her how to eat it off your finger so she'll know where it is. Do *not* get her clumping litter (kittens that young eat it - clumping in their intestines is not good). Get her non-clumping litter and a small litter box that she can reach. And kitten proof your house. No strings, wires, sharp objects that could hurt her, etc. Keep her in one room until she's more stable and able to move about. To wean her completely, you can slowly lower the amount of milk you put into her wet food as she gets older (5 weeks to 6 weeks) until it's just the wet food. As for wet vs. dry food
- only wet food at the beginning. When she's older (8 weeks+) you can slowly mix in solid foods, but wet food is healthier for cats if you can afford it and keep up with it. And use a high quality kitten food. For all the nutrients that it'd be missing from it's mother, you don't want to be further depriving it by giving it something inferior like Friskies or Kitten Chow. Our kitten has been on Wellness canned food since we first got her. We mixed milk in it until she was 6 weeks. At 8 weeks we gave her a bowl of solid food (also Wellness) in addition to her wet food (did not mix them together) since she likes crunchy foods. Source(s):
My kitten lost her mom at 4 weeks and we took her in and we had to wean her (she was starving before we got her because the idiot that found her thought she could just eat solid food).
Although I love my kitten, I really wish her mom had been around longer to socialize her. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Porcelain Doll Lv
6 1 decade ago I found my kitty L.K
(Little Kitty) last year, think she was about 5 weeks old. I bought kitten chow (think it called that) comes in a yellow bag or box, don't buy the stuff in the blue bag/box (has milk in it) will give your poor kitten bad bad upset tummy and the runs. Any vet will tell you, it's not good (kitten can't have milk). I also bought at Wal-Mart a blue/ white can of cat milk replacement ($9.89) it's powder cat milk, i made it up with warm water and feed it to her off of an old measuring spoon ( mix it in a small cup, and put her on my lap) i would feed her the milk 3x a day Am/midday/PM. She loved it and got use to eatting it, as time went on i would up the amount of water and powder (as she got older). I would add a little bit of water to her dry food (it's a little hard) but she didn't like it like that, so i would add a little of the replacement milk. After a short while i bought small cans of can cat/kitten food. Make sure you make her a little bed and get some toys. To make it feel welcome, and try to feed and play with it before you go to bed. So that way it is tired, make sure you keep putting it inside it's little box. So the kitten will know where it's box is. The first few days might be a little hard, until it gets use to not having it's mother there (so it is going to cry a lot) make a point to make a fuss of it and playing with it a lot. And let it sleep with you, and be near you............ P.S As odd as this may sound, baby kittens. Need their mother to simulate them to go to the bathroom (#2) if it is not going, and you notice it's belly getting big. take a warm wash cloth and hold it under it tail. I learned that with LK (when her tummy, ballooned up) called the vet, and was told what to do. It take a while, i had to keep wetting the cloth and rubbing it under her tail (and no she didn't like it). 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post ♥Pretty♥
♥Kitty♥ Lv
7 1 decade ago I'm not sure about where you are, but in some places it's illegal to take kittens from their mothers till 6 weeks old. A 4 1/2 week old kitten is still nursing to some degree. Even if it's not, the kitten needs to stay with it's mother till at least 10-12 weeks old. After weaning, mom cats teach their kittens important survival and social skills. Kittens taken from their mothers too soon often have issues with inappropriate scratching and biting and with aggression.
Sometimes they are very shy. Tell the owner what I've told you and ask her to hold your kitten and the rest till they are old enough to be sent to new homes.
You want to spend your time playing with your new kitten, not trying to make him stop biting you or attacking your feet as walk by him. A kitten hiding under a bed is no fun to deal with either.
The wait will be well worth it. Ask the owner if you can drop by some days to visit your kitten. 0 7 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago Hi i have grown up cats from baby kittens that the mothers just dumped in the barn and left.
You shouldn't have any problems just make sure you have a good kitten food and some wet or canned kitten food.
I would also still feed him milk for a while yet as he needs to develop his bones etc.
He will just be lonely so get a stuffed teddy bear and a warm water bottle and he will be just fine.
Just make sure that the kitten is drinking from a pan too.
If not you might have to feed him by bottle for a couple more weeks.
Good luck! 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Centrino 1 decade ago I have looked after cats as young as 3 weeks old. If it is eating solids already you are fine - but at that age I would think it should still be on wet food - not dry food. And make sure it is food specifically for kittens so it has all the right nutrients. Keep an eye on them as they are fearless at this age and will do anything, even if it will kill them. Source(s):
Cat fosterer 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post kattaddorra Lv
7 1 decade ago Hi again, just realised this is the same kitten I've already answered about once, so you'll already have my answer recommending you take notice of Troublesniffer, be assured she does know what she's talking about !!! Source(s):
retired vet nurse 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post tia marie:) 1 decade ago i got mine at four weeks. he is fine now. u just have to have the time to watch them ALL the time. and get up every two hours then go back to sleep. 0 0 4 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Name ideas for male orange cat ? 17 answers Why does my kitten like to sleep in my hat? 8 answers How many cats is too many cats for one man to own? 18 answers Why don't big cats hunt other big cats as food? 11 answers Why dont cat toys work with dogs? 6 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Why dont cat toys work with dogs? Should a human deworm
Themselves if a cat has really bad round worms? Cat is mad after I yelled? Will a 1 year old cat get along with a 6 week old kitten? ? Did Ted Nugent have cat scratch fever? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites