My beta fish has something growing on him? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Carona Carona
asked in
Pets Fish
·
1 decade ago My beta fish has something growing on him? My beta fish (male) has like a white slim growing on him or something, I don't know what it is. I've never had a beta before so if anyone has suggestions, I"m all ears Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance tikitiki Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer White slime is not a fungus.
Fungus looks cottony or moldy.
Regarding all fish not just bettas, white slime is either excess slime coat being produced because something is irritating it's skin-could be poor water quality, ph fluctuations, parasites.
Or, it could be a bacterial infection called columnaris starting, which has a wide variety of symptoms from excess slime coat which will eventually start looking stringy, to cottony growths on the mouth or body/fins, fin/tail rot, red sores, etc.
I would suggest doing a water change, and doing them more frequently, with the amount depending on the tank size and if it's filtered.
Keep an eye on him for any rubbing or scratching on objects in the tank-a pretty good sign of parasites.
For the water quality and ph, pick up a test kit and make sure the ph isn't fluctuating, and ammonia and nitrites read 0 ppm, nitrates under 20 ppm.
For a columnaris infection, that'll need an antibiotic like Maracyn Two to treat.
But I would first rule out the other stuff before dumping in meds to treat for something you're not sure of. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post pellenz Lv
4 4 years ago once you purchase a betta it quite is going to be basically approximately totally grown. The breeders save them longer than maximum fish so as that they get their finished shade and fin length. Max length is approximately 2.5 inches, and you regularly purchase them approximately 2", so as that they wont strengthen lots. unlike a 2" goldfish that would desire to strengthen to a foot long. Ian 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago well, it may be a bacterial or fungal infection. id suggest going and getting some of that multi-purpose fis medication for a variety of bacterial or fungal medication and try treating him with that. thats really all you can do unless your willing to take it to the vet. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Patii 1 decade ago if its white thenn hes sickk u have to like buy thiss special medicine that u put into the tank. go to the pet store and ask. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in jabez_tattoo Lv
5 1 decade ago He's really sick. Get him some medicine quickly at the pet store or he'll probably die. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago I think it's a fungus. What are his other symptoms?? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions i just got bit by a bat in a cave. do i have rabbies? 4 answers Shouldn't all aquarium fish be set free? 7 answers i just took a wicked big poo and it wont flush.the water isnt refilling in the tank either.? 6 answers do u eat as much fish as you should? 5 answers What is the best fish food to buy? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Janitor fish questions:
1. Can they be put in a pond with kois and carps?
2. Will their waste be harmful to the fishes when they're big? i just got bit by a bat in a cave. do i have rabbies? Can my fish still live? My fish is dying, please help.? my wifi is working but firestick not picking it up? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites