Are health guarantees a good thing for dogs? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Fatima Fatima
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
7 years ago Are health guarantees a good thing for dogs? When breeders offer a health guarantee for dogs, is that a good offer or no? kk thanks Update : By the way, whoever answers this question, can you please add a bit of detail and explanation so I may get an idea of what a health guarantee is and a bit about it? and also is this something you have to pay? thanks Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Julia Lv
5 7 years ago Favorite Answer It depends on the health guarantee.
Breeders who offer guarantee's against genetic disorders have probably had the parents tested to make sure they're not passing on certain conditions to their pups, like eye anomalies or joint problems. However, with conditions like this, a one year guarantee is not even worth your time because many of these conditions won't present until later in life. Breeders who offer a full guarantee against genetic defects are probably reputable and have done thorough testing on the parents. Ask for a guarantee against parvo until the dog is due for it's next vaccination. Ask what conditions are covered by their guarantee, and how long it is good for. Ask what happens if those conditions arise. Some breeders say they will simply take the pup back and give you a new one, but are you going to want to part with it even if it does have a problem? Ask if the breeder will cover the medical costs on conditions that are covered.
ALL breeders should offer at least a basic guarantee that gives you a chance to have the pet examined by a vet for problems in a certain time period and return it if needed.
Good Luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 4 years ago Robyn ALL respected breeders furnish a wellbeing assure. Its not somewhat "making specific" that not some thing will take place yet that IF some thing does take place the breeder will furnish some reimbursement no count if or not that could be a compensation of the acquisition cost or a substitute animal of similar extreme high quality. To the op an marvelous breeder will furnish 2 ensures. the 1st consists of the time-physique wherein the domestic canine ought to desire to choose for the 1st vet flow to, frequently indoors seventy 2 hours and how long the puppy ought to in all probability be lined against ailments like parvo. this ensures that the owner has won a wholesome puppy, parasite unfastened , loss of congenital defects etc. the 2d is the genetic wellbeing assure which from an marvelous breeder is many situations a minimum of two years. they're going to define what that assure covers, what the reimbursement is and the thank you to flow approximately claiming it, documents of vet prognosis etc some ensures are stable and a few at the instant are not exact extremely properly somewhat worth the ink and paper they re on by utilising reality they seem after the corporate(bybs, petshops, puppymills) and screw the owner. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Lorraine Lv
7 7 years ago No breeder can actually guarantee a pups health but if it comes with a guarantee then it means that the breeder has taken every step to ensure that only healthy (inside and out) dogs have been used and from healthy lines also.
Always a good thing for many reasons. 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post ? 7 years ago Yes, it's good. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 7 years ago I don't like lorrie she annoying *** **** 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much Lucky Charms is OK for a beagle dog to eat? 17 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 22 answers Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 27 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 20 answers Swimming for mobility issues? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions When you get tumours surgically removed, are you allowed to keep them? If so, is it safe to feed them to your dog? Roommates dog won't stop peeing on my stuff? Is it safe to feed a dog raw? Are corgis wary of strangers (+ 1 more)? What do I do? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites