dog fleas home remedys? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? ?
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
9 years ago dog fleas home remedys? does anyone know about any home remedys i can use temporarily for dog fleas? This is only until i can afford a flea collar.....dont get me wrong or judge me.....im not an irresponsibele pet owner or anything like that or an el cheapo or anything like that. I spent my last 210.00 on getting my dogs heartworm pills,her needles and shots update....i just need a temprary solution....thanx all..... Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Alyssa Lv
4 9 years ago Favorite Answer Are there fleas in your home? Or are you wanting to prevent it? If the fleas are already in your home, don't be afraid to take the cheaper way out! It's not your fault that you are already spending hundreds on your pet. You sound plenty responsible to me. Basically what I did when fleas were in my home was I bought special shampoo formulated for killing fleas (which I bought cheap at the grocery store). I simply bathed my dogs in it, which killed fleas and any eggs and kids too. I saw them fall off and into the tub drain. It was great! Now for your home, you can buy some powder to shake and cover rugs in your home. It will go deep down and kill fleas and larvae. Or you could buy flea "bombs" and follow the directions on the bottle. Generally use them in one room at a time with the door closed and no pets inside. Doing all of the things I mentioned was how I personally rid fleas from my home! Here are home remedies I saw at a website: a. Citrus repellent: You can make an effective flea repellent from lemon by cutting it into quarters and immersing it in boiling water. This is then steeped overnight to get you the repellent. By spraying this all over your pet, especially behind the ears and generally around the head, and also at the base of the tail and the ‘armpits’, you can rid it of fleas. b. Aromatherapy repellent: This repellent is made by adding lavender and cedarwood essential oils to pure almond carrier oil as the base. This is then shaken well and spread over the pet’s skin to keep the fleas away. You can also make effective flea collars by rubbing an essential oil of eucalyptus , tea tree , citronella , lavender or geranium on webbing, rope collar or even a doggy bandanna . c. Essential oil bath: If your pet is badly infested, it’d need an essential oil bath. So, draw the bath using a few drops of tea tree or lavender essential oils. An alternative is a herbal flea dip made from fresh rosemary leaf . d. Internal flea repellents: Garlic when fed to your dog works wonders. This is because its smell is excreted through the skin making it ‘inhospitable’ for the fleas. Brewer’s yeast tablets also help in controlling fleas. Another good alternative is natural apple cider vinegar that makes the skin more acidic and unpleasant to fleas and ticks. e. External flea repellents: Sprinkling diatomaceous earth, generally in the filtration system for swimming pools, all over the yard is an effective way to keep the fleas at bay. You can also put cedar chips along your fence to keep the fleas out. Planting a herb, called tansy, around your pet’s pen will also keep the problem in check. All these external repellents are effective natural home remedies for fleas. Good luck! Source(s):
Personal experience, then home remedies from
http://www.grandmashomeremedies.com/fleas.html 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago I have had dogs my entire life and I have yet to be impressed by a flea collar. So save your money for Advantage, or ask vet for brand he suggest. BUT!! You asked for home remedy, and cheap!!! So you will love this!!!
Eucalyptus leaves straight off a Eucalyptus tree- I learned about this from a homeopathic book I got over 15 yrs ago. At the time the home I lived in had fleas so I thought why not give it a try, I got lucky cause the city had crews out trimming trees around power lines- I asked if I could take the freshly cut branches.
IT WORKS!!
I just put leaves in my dogs freshly cleaned bedding, and regular bathes are good too.
As for the rest of the house, I left the leaves on the branches and put them under the chairs & couches, and my bed. I can not explain why, all I can tell you is that they do not like being around Eucalyptus. I do recommend rinsing them off a little Eucalyptus trees grow most everywhere in the US, but are from Australia. They are very easy to spot, due to unique trunks and bark. just look up on line or in a book. You can have you fleas problem gone in a day. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Team Kiwi 9 years ago Well you can use lemon juice but you need to find each flea individually :P A nice cheap way is to go to the pet store and buy flea shampoo!
and flea collors DONT work. Very expensive ones may work, but they usually dont! i would just buy frontline plus! they scome in packs of three and are really quite effective! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post nelda 4 years ago A well-trained dog makes everyone happy, including his owner. Take a little time training him, and you'll never regret it; you'll always have an obedient dog by your side. Find more
https://tr.im/OlhCJ By their nature, dogs are pack animals with a well-defined social order. Through basic training, you need to consistently make sure your puppy understands that you are the leader, not him. So in teaching him the basic rules, you take on the role of pack leader. To fit into the family circle, your dog must be taught to recognize his name and such commands as come, heel, lie down and sit. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much Lucky Charms is OK for a beagle dog to eat? 17 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 22 answers Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 27 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 20 answers Swimming for mobility issues? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Roommates dog won't stop peeing on my stuff? What do I do? Are corgis wary of strangers (+ 1 more)? What does good
Dog taste like? What are some dog breeds that are wary of strangers? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites