Changing instructors? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Myhorsebubbie Myhorsebubbie
asked in
Pets Horses
·
7 years ago Changing instructors? Hey everyone so I resently posted here asking if
I should switch instructors and well from the feed back iv desided to so now I have 2 questions how do I tell my previous instructor I no longer want her as my instructor and how do I tell this new instructor that I want her to be my instructor? So my previous instructor and I have created a bond so saying good bye might be a little bit harder then it has to be so how do I break it to her in the nicest way possible? And as for the new one well I have squesdualed a lesson with her for Saturday and as far as she knows its a one time thing but how do I tell her I want her to be my full time instructor? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Hi ∞ 7 years ago Favorite Answer You don't tell her that she needs to be your full time instructor, just keep booking lessons with her and she'll get the idea. As for your old one, I would get whoever pays for the lessons with her to call and say your no longer taking lessons with her. But as a thank you for giving lessons to you, write her a card or something and tell her you'll miss her and come back go visit but you need to move on and spun hope she understands. She will understand she has probably had many people move onto new instructors. Hope everything goes okay :) 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post S Lv
4 7 years ago You talk to your old instructor and tell her thank you for all the time she spent with you and that it's been invaluable. You like her a lot, she's taught you a lot. If she's been doing this for any length of time, she's been through this before. Take heart; even instructors take lessons from other and different instructors and in different disciplines! They understand that it's a rare student that stays with one trainer their entire life.
You didn't say if you are going to be pursuing a different style of riding. For example, I started at a hunter barn,Then got interested in dressage. After a while I moved barns to be with like-minded people and a full time instructor. From there, since I still loved to jump and my horse liked to hack out, I started competing at mini-trials. I still used my old dressage trainer on occasion, but also a jumper trainer, then moved again. My new barn is mostly full of eventers; my eventing coach knows that I work with other people besides her. You can tell her that since she's given you such a great base, you've decided to expand your knowledge and skill set with someone else for a while - to experience different horses, a different environment, and a different style of teaching. You'll find the words.
And remember, everyone is learning something new, every time they go to the barn or to a lesson. It's all about building your skill set. Sometimes a concept you just don't "get" will click immediately with a new set of eyes on the ground. Some people respond better to a different personality who asks for different things, who notices different things about your riding. Your current instructor knows this, and she'll probably wish you well on your riding journey. Take what you can use, discard the rest, keep learning and having fun, and don't burn any bridges! Everything will be fine, with no hard feelings. Trust me. And there's no need to tell the new person you want her to be your full time instructor. Just keep scheduling lessons, and who knows? You may discover you like your old instructor better, and return, or maybe start using two or three new instructors to broaden your horizons. :) 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kaitie 7 years ago just ask the new instructor hey what kind of time do you have, would you be willing to give me weekly lessons? if the instructor says yes great if not ok what about monthly. and if you can only get monthly use both its all ways better to have more opinions because there is two ways to skin a cat.
and give the old instructor a reason like i have loved taking lessons from you but i want to take this instructor
because i feel that she will be able to give me new perspectives or what ever i mean she cant be heartbroken to much i mean my childhood trainer is always setting me up with more advanced trainers that she feels will be able to help me in more specific things like jumping. and i have taken lessons from her since i was 5 and she getts me bday gifts and
Christmas
and all that jazz 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Julie 7 years ago For your old trainer: Go to the barn and talk to her in person. Ask to talk in private. Tell her thank you for teaching you, you really enjoyed it and learned a lot. Doing it in person is the best way to do it. For your new trainer: Go take your lesson. If all goes well, and you like it, tell her you would like to schedule more lessons with her, and you two can discuss dates and times. You don't really need to ask her to be your instructor, just tell her you would like to continue taking lessons with her. Good luck! 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions do horses scream? 5 answers A woman keeps on wanting to buy my horse even though I made it very clear she's not for sale.? 19 answers What is the reason you get on a horse on the left side ?        ? 6 answers How can i get my horse to respect me? 9 answers Am I too heavy to ride on top of a little pony? 12 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions English bridle recommendations? What kind of horse is Male Horse? HORSE OWNERS AND LOVERS! Sorry 'bout all the caps. Has anyone ever developed a very loving, affectionate relationship with their horse? How do BHS exams work? Just bought a three year old Welsh cob section d and I noticed she had a very curved back, I was wondering if she had lordosis? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites