why would my dogs jowls swell up? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Long john Long john
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
1 decade ago why would my dogs jowls swell up? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance HeartsWithFur 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I would give him some Benedryl. If the swelling does not go down, get him to the vet. HeartsWithFur.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post shoppergirl 1 decade ago he could be alergic to something he ate just make sure if hes a pup that hes still chewing on hard stuff so that he is teathing take him to a vet 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago something bit him, he's allergic to something, he has a thorn or prickle in it or he has an infected tooth, he's come into contact with a toxin... too many to name, go to a VET. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Hillary1034 Lv
4 1 decade ago maybe he's allergic to something he ate. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much Lucky Charms is OK for a beagle dog to eat? 17 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 22 answers Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 27 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 20 answers Swimming for mobility issues? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions When you get tumours surgically removed, are you allowed to keep them? If so, is it safe to feed them to your dog? if i find a wiener doggy and its no ones can i keep it ?? What are some dog breeds that are wary of strangers? ? What does good
Dog taste like? Have you over owned 2 dogs from the same litter? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites