spaying/Neutering Rabbits? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Other - Pets
·
1 decade ago spaying/Neutering Rabbits? Does it really help? aha My rabbits means, she bites, wont litter train like my other rabbit. Where I live it costs about $400 to fix a female rabbit. I'm just curious to know if it does actually help a bit, I don't want to spend a lot and it have no effect on her. Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance KMB 1 decade ago Favorite Answer $400! Where on Earth do you live!??? Spaying/nuetering REALLY does help! I've never adopted a rabbit without it being fixed first, so I've never been able to see a change in my own rabbits, however; I do work at a local animal shelter and when unfixed buns come in I have seen a behavior change. Definitely try going to your local shelter because they do generally help with the cost of a spay or neuter. Not to be discouraging, but some buns are just very aloof and like to have their own space (not to be picked up, no one to reach to far into their crates). It's worth getting your bun fixed if you might have a chance to calm her a little - plus it's MUCH healthier for a bun in that they are less likely to develop uterine diseases. Source(s):
Rabbit mom of 5, previous vet school student & rabbit shelter volunteer. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post mays Lv
4 4 years ago I actual have a dwarf holland lop. he's a very tiny bunny. i did no longer get him neutered because of the fact he won't return into touch with different rabbits. The vet additionally cautioned against neutering him because of the fact he's so small. As you have become a sizable breed, i could say pass forward and have it carried out. it is going to do away together with his urge to pass away territorial droppings, make him much less aggresive, and end any spraying that would take place. in case you think of it is costly, wait and notice in case you have any problems with him. If he starts spraying or is aggressive, then pass forward and have him snipped. inspite of the undeniable fact that, think approximately a o.k. tempered rabbit without neutering him. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Yes It helps allot And it will prevent her from getting uterine cancer wow $400 $70 it cost me Source(s):
Rabbit Owner for 13 years
Own 4 rabbits 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Redfeather-Shawnee Shaman Lv
6 1 decade ago *I charge what I charge for a dog. The difference is slightly more because the anesthetic has to be special. $400 is way to much and yes it will help. Source(s):
vet 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in bunnyspit 1 decade ago Yes it helps, and you should also try calling your local animal shelter..Many animal shelters have programs to help pay for the spay/neuter. Source(s):
Owner 5 Rabbits 8 yrs experience 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Cherry 1 decade ago YES!!!! Take a look at http://www.rabbit.org/faq/sections/spay-neuter.htm... Source(s):
House rabbit lover, owner and advocate 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago It definitely helps they become less aggressive and more mellow. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions do you think that eating a dog is not any less moral or less ethical than eating cow, pigs or chickens? 4 answers Why do all girls like bunnies? 7 answers Can pigs fly? 5 answers Why do humans have pets ? 13 answers How can I stop my ferret from touching things? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How mamy white buffalos are there in the world? Are thry endangered? Would a white buffalo make a good pet? 1 rabbit saw 9 elephants while going to the river. Every elephant saw 3 monkeys going to the river. Each monkey had 1 tortoise on each hand.? What is this breed of spider? do you think that eating a dog is not any less moral or less ethical than eating cow, pigs or chickens? Where to buy pet crab? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites