How many dogs can u legally own in harrow, ontario? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products FAM16 Lv
5 FAM16
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
7 years ago How many dogs can u legally own in harrow, ontario? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance ♡♥♡ 7 years ago Favorite Answer I know where I live (in WI, USA) you can only have two dogs in the city but outside of it, there isn't a limit. You can probably check your laws on the internet to find out. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post 90 Lv
5 7 years ago You can own as many dogs as you want there is not law about owning dogs anywhere 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post mauveme49 Lv
7 7 years ago You will have to contact city hall, or google it, 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much Lucky Charms is OK for a beagle dog to eat? 17 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 22 answers Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 27 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 20 answers Swimming for mobility issues? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are some dog breeds that are wary of strangers? ? Is it a bad idea to adopt a 1 year old German Shepard? Are corgis wary of strangers (+ 1 more)? Have you over owned 2 dogs from the same litter? When you get tumours surgically removed, are you allowed to keep them? If so, is it safe to feed them to your dog? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites