My betta fins are falling off!!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Fish
·
1 decade ago My betta fins are falling off!!? my betta has this cottony looking stuff under its gills, and I got some medicine for the water. now the fins under the gills are completly detaching, is this because they were damage by the cottony stuff, does it mean its healing? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer it sounds like finrot and fungus to me. There are plenty of medicines on the line to treat your fish.
HEALTHY BETTA=h
SICK BETTA=un
h-Eats like a little pig
un-Does not eat at all or eats reluctantly and may spit out his food.
h-Swims around and is active
un-Is not active. May lay at the bottom and come up only for air, or may stay at the surface in a corner.
h-Acts normal
un-May darts and purposely runs into anything he can (gravel, rocks, etc) in an effort to scratch itself.
h-Is colorful and vibrant
un-Looks paler, color is dull, may turn gray
h-Fins and tail are spread out like fans
un-Tail and sometimes fins are clumped, closed, stiff looking or falling apart
h-Body looks slick and clean
un-Body may have: open sores, white cottony patches, red spots, lumps or white spots.
h-Eyes are normal
un-One or both eyes are protruding and swollen
h-Gills are normal un-One or both gills do not close all the way and stay half open (swollen/inflamed). They may look red.
h-Scales are smooth
un-Scales are raised (like a pine cone)
h-Belly looks normal
un-Belly looks too hollow or on the contrary is abnormally swollen and big.
SYMPTOMS:
Betta has white cottony like patches on its body or head. He may be less active, may have stopped eating, fins may be clumped, color may be pale.
TREATMENT:
Do a full water change. and buy some medicine for fungus, a good one is 'fungus eliminater' by jungle
for very stubborn or very fast invasive fungus use: Triple Sulfa AND Bettazing TOGETHER, both at full dosage. - Not very many fungus can survive this powerful duo!
DISEASE: TAIL ROT OR FIN ROT (OR BOTH!)
GENERAL INFO: This disease comes mainly from dirty water. If you keep his water VERY clean Mr. Betta will never get tail/fin rot. It is not overly contagious, and bettas will more than likely recover if treated promptly. Fins/tail will grow back, though may not have same color or may not look as good or be as long. Finrot also comes from stress. SYMPTOMS:
Betta’s fins and/or tail seem to be getting shorter and shorter. Or they seem to be falling apart and dissolving. There may be a darker color (or a reddish one) to the edge of the betta’s fins/tail. He may be still active and eating normally, or may have stopped eating, fins may be clumped, color may be pale.
TREATMENT:
Do a full
water change. and go to your local pet sop, there are countless medicines for finrot as it is so common!
if unsure about anything then just ask your pet shop and they will prescribe something, if you dont have the money for medicine then just keep doing water changes, dont overfeed and hope for the best! Source(s):
www.bettatalk.com/betta_diseases. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post ... Lv
5 1 decade ago Fin rot clean the water every day and put a little salt(the kid you by at pet store) for more info go to betta talk.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Chaos! Lv
5 1 decade ago It sounds like your fish has columnaris, and possibly finrot as well.
Here's a treatment guide for the columnaris: http://www.ultimatebettas.com/index.php?showtopic=... And here's one for finrot: http://www.ultimatebettas.com/index.php?showtopic=... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jeff M 1 decade ago fin rot 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions i just got bit by a bat in a cave. do i have rabbies? 4 answers Shouldn't all aquarium fish be set free? 7 answers i just took a wicked big poo and it wont flush.the water isnt refilling in the tank either.? 6 answers do u eat as much fish as you should? 5 answers What is the best fish food to buy? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions my wifi is working but firestick not picking it up? My fish is dying, please help.? How should you treat nitrite poisoning in a cichlid? Is expensive fish food really worth it? Is this filter okay for my juvenile betta? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites