Vet or Humane society for spaying cat? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Cats
·
7 years ago Vet or Humane society for spaying cat? Hello,
My mother in law and I have the same vet and they are charging her 400 dollars to get her cat spayed. My cat is only 3 months old but they said when its time for her to get spayed they charge 170 (that's what they said when I called them to see if I can afford to keep the kitten my husband brought home and then told us the same thing on our first visit). My next appointment with the vet is for her last shots and then to discuss her spaying and I am scared they are going to tell me 400 dollars just like they did my mother in law.
I live in a one income home so 400 is very steep. I contacted the SPCA and they charge 60 dollars and the Toronto Humane Society charges 70. The cat I had as a child got neutered at the humane society and he had no problems. I have time to think about it as she will only get spayed at 6 months old but what do you think? Is 400 dollars way to much to charge to spay a cat? Answer Save 4 Answers Relevance Dullahan Lv
6 7 years ago Favorite Answer I ALWAYS get spays done at a animal hospital. The reason? Human societies operate like an assembly line. They knock out 8 to 10 animals at once, and the vet starts at one end does a spay, moves on does a neuter, etc. This means that your pet can be under for longer than needed. On top of that, you get what you pay for. If, for some reason, your cat gets infected when you take him home etc. you cannot call and talk to the vet. You are paying for the neuter only, and they will not do anything further. When you get a neuter/spay at a regular animal hospital, you are paying for pain meds (for more than 24 hrs, most low cost clinics give pains meds that only last for 24 hours and then your done), blood work (to ensure your pet will do well under anesthesia) and the vet's knowledge if you need help (there is an infection, your pet will not settle down etc.). If your pet has problems after the spay at the humane society, you will most likely have to pay to take it to a regular vet to fix the problem. I have ONLY ever seen spays that have been done by the SPCA/Human societies that become infected and/or the surgical glue on the spay site started to come undone...(we use sutures on the inside and out). I have never seen this kind of problem with a male animal.
Also, spays are more complicated than neuters, as you have to open up the female, cut off blood flow to the uterus, remove the uterus (not always an easy thing to do), stitch the inside layers back together, then stitch the outside skin together. For a neuter, you make two incisions, tie of the tubes and maybe put in a stitch or two. Overall, spaying is much more complicated.
Good luck, Dal Source(s):
I have been present for 100s of spays and neuters, have worked for local cost spay clinics, and have worked at an animal hospital for 6 years. Personally, I will always have a vet hospital do my spays/neuters. I am also currently applying to vet school. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kathleen Lv
7 7 years ago Call the SPCA spay/neuter clinic. Do it now because there's quite a waiting list. Leave them a voicemail and speak clearly and enunciate well. They will call you back with an appointment but it will take many weeks, or even a couple of months.
They do just as good a job, I've had a cat neutered and a b*tch spayed. No problems, just a waiting list. The earlier you call when you get an animal, the better.
We just adopted a 4 year old b*tch and have called already to make an appointment with them at the Newmarket clinic (we live in Orangeville). 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post CDog Lv
7 7 years ago I've taken strays to the local low cost clinic and they've done just fine. Spaying is a very routine surgery. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Mini 7 years ago Humane society they have done my pets and friends. I had my dog done at the vet and it was expensive 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How many cats is too many cats for one man to own? 15 answers Name ideas for male orange cat ? 8 answers Why don't big cats hunt other big cats as food? 8 answers My 16 year old cat has been diagnosed with cancer. Should I pursue chemotherapy, radiation and other treatments? 15 answers Is Chairman Meow a good name for a cat? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I have a cat and a bird is making a nest in my garden - what should I do? Why do people like cats when they obviously don't love you back and they hate the environment people put them in? My kitten hides EVERYWHERE! What should I do? What type of flea treatment does the Humane Society use? Will kitty litter help soak up oil from a gravel driveway? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites