can someone plz tell me how to teach my yorkie how to roll over,stay and play dead? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
1 decade ago can someone plz tell me how to teach my yorkie how to roll over,stay and play dead? thanks. Answer Save 10 Answers Relevance asdffda Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer roll over: have some yummy treats that your dog just loves and show it to her. she will probably give you her attention. then, just make her roll. as in, hold her gently but firmly, and roll her. even though she didn't do any work, she will soon get the idea, and sooner or later, she will roll on her own. stay: when i was teaching my dog how to stay, i would say it was the hardest trick because my dog was very impatient. it all depends on your dog's tempermant. but first, get her to sit down by gently pushing on her hind quarters, then get her familiar with the word stay, and slowly walk away. if she starts to get up and follow you, correct her and make her sit again. if she doesn't follow you, reward her.
play dead: this is the trick im teaching my dog right now. if your dog knows how to roll or go down, this should be easy. first, get her to lie down and gently flip her onto her back and hold her own for a few seconds. if she stays still, reward her, if not, correct her and try again. remember, not all dogs will listen and it will take time and practice. just do one trick at a time so you won't confuse your dog. these techniques worked for my dog, but it all depends on your dog's tempermant. hope it helped! --tomboy, don't copy my answer. thanks.-- 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Go here for the best dog training couse
http://dog-training.gelaf.info Since it is obvious that you do not have a clue about obedience training, your services should be for free. You cannot train even an adult dog for 8 hours a day. About the most that can be done at any one time is 10 - 20 minutes and that is with an adult dog and not a puppy. The attention span on this baby is extremely short and training session should be no more than 10 minutes and twice a day. Additionally, there isn't going to be much learned if you will only be training for 5 days. Obedience training is cumulative and is done over a much longer period of at least several weeks to several months.
What you can charge is determined by your experience, reputation, and accomplishments and in a case like this, should also include guaranteed expectations. Just working with dogs over several years, is not the experience that is necessary to be a dog trainer. There are too many people who are putting that title to their name and fleecing the public. Don't be one of them. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post we'll miss you, Peter Pan 1 decade ago roll over: find a teat that your yorkie loves and would do anything for. then take the treat and put it in the motion of rolling over and say roll over. reward him with a treat when he does it. stay: this is more tricky. tell your dog to stay,then slowly back away repeatedly. when it stays give it a treat. play dead: this sounds stupid, but it works. play dead and your dog will check you out, if he sees what your doing then he will wonder why. then tell him to play dead and play dead until it plays dead. again reward it with a treat. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Wolfmanscott Lv
4 1 decade ago You need to be patient with them and teach them what actions go with what words, you might need to show them by doing it yourself or rolling your yorkie over when saying roll over. Same thing with play dead, might need to hold your yorkie down while saying play dead. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 4 years ago Training your dog will be a huge part of your interaction with him for the first few months. Learn here
https://tr.im/dupnI
This includes housetraining, leash training, obedience training, socialization, and problem solving. In addition to providing your dog with needed skills, this time will also be a great opportunity for you to bond with him. Take the time to really get to know your pet while training him and a loving relationship will easily develop. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Prettygee :D 1 decade ago Getting them to stay is easy.. you just have to get on your knees and get them to sit, then say stay and back up a little I dk about the other ones but i took a training class for my dog at petco and it REALLY helped 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Well If you want to stop unwanted behaviours of your dog you need to follow a good training course. One of the best I found online is
http://www.goobypls.com/r/rd.asp?gid=572 . It really helped me a lot. I saw very quick improvements thanks to some gentle, simple and effective tecniques they teach in the course Have a nice day 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Kaytii Grant 1 decade ago the best way to teach your dog how to sit is to get down at his/hers level and take steps like paw pick up his/hers paw and sharply say paw same with the other tricks...hope this will help! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago not like FORCE him but show him how to actually DO those things ( nicely). And when he does it, even if you do it the first 5 times, reward him/her with a treat untill he/she understands :] 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post someone101 1 decade ago idk how to do the play dead...but dogs only pay most of their attention to the first syllable of the first word. thats y most people have tricks called like these "paw" "lay" "sit" "stay" "come" i give my dog treats and everytime i say the name of the trick i control its body like a puppet to show it...then u have to reward it...they learn really fast. it doesnt matter wat kind of dog it is. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 21 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 15 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 13 answers Is taking out your puppy during a storm safe? 15 answers Why do dogs have to sleep in cages? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is their anything I can do about this persons dog that runs up to me while I’m going for a walk it grows, barks and tries to bite me.? My puppy has parvo we took him to the vet charged us 800 dollars we been trying to take care of him but he’s not getting better? Potty area for dogs? Is this normal/ok for a dog? How I worry about my German shepherd puppy attacking my other dogs when he grows up ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites