Should I have her spayed? Will it help? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Other - Pets
·
1 decade ago Should I have her spayed? Will it help? My dwarf rabbit has been getting more and more aggressive lately, and I don't know why. She's bitten my dad badly, bitten me badly, and scratched my mother and I both badly enough that we bled. I've been told this is often a sign of sexual maturity or puberty, but I'm wondering if their might be any other reason for it? She recently got a new cage and we cannot get her to drink from her bottle (any tips?). Will spaying help deal with the biting and scratching, as well as the territorial snorting? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance ***** Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Yes you should spay her, and yes, chances are excellent that it will help greatly with the aggression and growling.
While some rabbits are just flat-out aggressive even when they are spayed, most of it is hormonally motivated.
And believe me, you want it to be a hormonal issue, because otherwise you've got a long road ahead of you trying to fix the problem behavior.
For a pet doe, it's also important to spay for health reasons.
When female rabbits are not bred regularly or spayed, they have a very high rate of reproductive cancers- nearly 85% will develop some form by age 5.
An unspayed pet doe lives on average only half as long as those that are spayed.
As far as the bottle, was she drinking out of it in the previous cage?
If so, is it now at a different height?
Something else changed about it that might make her reluctant to use it now vs before?
If she's not used one before, put her right in front of it, press your finger against the mechanism, and put her nose against the wet ball (of course with her aggression, you might not want to do this right now since it would put your body parts near her teeth!).
Also take out the water bowl- rabbits will preferentially drink from a bowl when it's available, even if they know full well how to use the bottle.
It's more comfortable.
Alternatively, just take the bottle away and stick with a bowl. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post the pocket otter Lv
5 1 decade ago Yes. Spaying female rabbits is incredibly important. For health reasons, it eliminates the risk of uterine cancer, which is a very very high risk otherwise and which has a high mortality rate. For behaviour it will calm her down a lot, make her a bit less territorial and make her a lot happier because she won't have all those hormones running around her system. It can take a little bit after the spay for her behaviour to change, and some of it might be because of something else, but it's a huge, huge help. You should also look at the site
http://www.rabbit.org.
It is by far the best site on the net about pet rabbits and how to care for them. I know there are articles about aggressive rabbits that could help you. As regards the water bottle - you might want to get her a water bowl as well/instead. My girl rabbit only had a bowl before I got her so it took a bit for her to get used to the bottle. Now my rabbits have a bottle and a bowl, and they both like the bowl because it's easier to drink from (after my girl's spay she couldn't handle the bottle and was licking off the cage floor until I quickly filled a bowl for her). The important thing is to try not to get angry with her. Try to be patient and show her that you're not going to hurt her whatever happens. One of my friends got a rescue rabbit who wouldn't trust anyone and was always biting, so she just wore gardening gloves and after a little while her rabbit calmed down a lot and realised she could trust her, and now she's the sweetest thing. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions do you think that eating a dog is not any less moral or less ethical than eating cow, pigs or chickens? 4 answers Why do all girls like bunnies? 7 answers Can pigs fly? 5 answers Why do humans have pets ? 13 answers How can I stop my ferret from touching things? 10 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Squirrel lead me to their stash? What does this mean? What is this on my rabbit? Where to buy pet crab? We found this turtle in the backyard.We'd like to keep him. Can anyone tell us what type it is so we can decide if he should be a pet or not? My rabbit had this on him? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites