How did my 2 African Dwarf Frogs die? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products IEO IEO
asked in
Pets Fish
·
1 decade ago How did my 2 African Dwarf Frogs die? They both had white, cottony stuff on them. How can I clean the tank so that my other 2 frogs can live safely in there? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance C#R!$ 1 decade ago Favorite Answer It definetely sound like fungal infection. As you said, cleaning the tank is the key. If you get a 2.5 gallon tank, then, you should be fine. You should change about 30% of the water in the aquarium every week. It's essential.
Your dwarf frogs probably died of fungal infection. And, I don't think even anyone can do anything about that. You should also cut down on feeding since that's what brought most of the fungus in your tank, decaying food.
Just change the water everyweek and don't forget to put water conditioners! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Claire 1 decade ago Sorry to hear that! I lost an African Dwarf frog to a fungal infection once, too...the best I can tell you is to keep the water clean by making more frequent water changes. Remove uneaten food. Check your filter. Etc. By the way, antifungal medicines that you add to the water often contain copper, which is an ingredient that can be toxic to amphibians (and plants, too, if you have any). I would not advise that you use antifungal medicines with your frogs...just change the water more often. BTW aquatic plants help filter the water and my dwarf african frog loves climbing and hiding among them. I have had no problems with fungus since I began keeping plants in my frog tank... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago maybe because of the store when you brought it it was sick. or you used stiuff not allowed and they may have been fighting =] 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post sim sim salabim 1 decade ago have you seen any creoles walking around your house? they very well could have cooked em up real nice. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in follow.nothing 1 decade ago You probably used tap water, I think they need salt water. 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post @.@ 1 decade ago AIDS? 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions i just got bit by a bat in a cave. do i have rabbies? 4 answers Shouldn't all aquarium fish be set free? 7 answers i just took a wicked big poo and it wont flush.the water isnt refilling in the tank either.? 6 answers do u eat as much fish as you should? 5 answers What is the best fish food to buy? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is this filter okay for my juvenile betta? Is this a male or female neon tetra? Janitor fish questions:
1. Can they be put in a pond with kois and carps?
2. Will their waste be harmful to the fishes when they're big? Can my fish still live? Is expensive fish food really worth it? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites