Male features vs Female features? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
1 decade ago Male features vs Female features? Are males and females of the same litter likely to have different features based on gender alone.
Such as, when it comes to jowls, would a male be more likely to have larger jowls? Also, would a male be more likely to have droopy eyes, or is gender irrelevant? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance Dignity of a Dane Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Depends on the breed. For example, with Great Danes, males are likely to have large jowls, big lips, a more massive, squared head. But with Chinese Cresteds, the only real marked difference is a slight size difference. For danes, I can't see a correlation between gender and droopy eyes. Males may get them more often just because they have heavier jowls and more weight to pull on the face. @ Jessica- Actually, I've had numerous dogs, and currently have two of each gender. I see absolutely NO difference as far as temperament is concerned. It's all individual. 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Aussie Lv
6 1 decade ago In Shetland Sheepdogs, the females are slightly smaller, and finer. The temperaments are the same. I have two desexed males. They are sweet. I have a female Cavalier King Charles Spaniel, and I have noticed that the males are slightly bigger. Their personalities also seem similar. (active and friendly) 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post mohead Lv
4 4 years ago i do no longer choose to be in an "every person" dominant courting, i want a courting wherein my female buddy is my buddy besides as my sexual better half. you do no longer communicate of "who wears the pants" in friendships, do you? i do no longer understand why people think of a courting ought to be a dominant/submissive dynamic... I actually hate the assumption of authority. people might desire to be loose. subsequently, i do no longer choose to ever experience like i'm bossing a woman around or that she thinks i'm making her do something she does not choose to do. on the different hand, I fee my very own freedom, and particularly because loads of the courtroom circumstances men have approximately dominant women people is they do no longer "permit" their bf dangle out along with his acquaintances, etc - any female buddy ever tells me to choose between her or my acquaintances, i'm long gone. So i might plenty extremely detect a courting wherein we are able to the two be happy with one yet another the people i be attentive to who've pulled this way of courting off are the people who have been only stable acquaintances for a at an identical time as until now they began courting. It sounds like the main relaxing and discomfort loose way of doing issues IMO. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Usually males tend to be a bit bigger than females in most breeds. It is in temperament that the genders really do present a difference. Males usually tend to be more protective of the territory (hence the marking) while females tend to be more protective of the people. 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Smuag Lv
5 1 decade ago Generally, males are larger than females. As far as appearances go, gender has very little to do with it. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post KidsNCattle Lv
4 1 decade ago Depends on the breed.
For instance, male Rotts *may* have broader heads and muzzles.
Hair coat can be a difference, too.
Males often have thicker, fuller, showier coats in certain breeds.
(This is why "Lassie" was always played by a male collie.) 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post Aduial Lv
7 1 decade ago Gender does not have any determination on how a dog looks unless it's size. What is with you and jowls? 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post ESABELLA 1 decade ago the males are always bigger than the females, at birth they all look the same but you can see the difference only after a few weeks 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions How much Lucky Charms is OK for a beagle dog to eat? 17 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 22 answers Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 27 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 20 answers Swimming for mobility issues? 9 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What are some dog breeds that are wary of strangers? ? Roommates dog won't stop peeing on my stuff? Are corgis wary of strangers (+ 1 more)? if i find a wiener doggy and its no ones can i keep it ?? Have you over owned 2 dogs from the same litter? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites