spay surgery question..? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Pets Dogs
·
10 years ago spay surgery question..? I don't know where to start. she's doing okey but sometimes she cry and according to vet's instruction I give her 1 pill in the morning at 10 when she eat.
I don't know what really to do to calm her. sometimes she bark sometimes she cry(once a while). I don't know if she's doing this to get our attention or may cuz she is outdoor dog and now she's been living inside but whenever we take her outside she seems to be very very happy. she sits on grass very calmly and i can see she wants to be out more then in. ?
Could u plz help me i am bit confuse.
2. Today is her second day and i check her incision many many times during the day I want best for her and when I saw tht red blood type thing there. I took her ryte away to the doctor and the doc said its just discharge nothing to worry abt so m goin back again on thursday.
I would really like to know how does abnormal incision luk like ?
I want the best for her , i love my pup and i can do anything for her I just can't see her when she cries when her break time is over..... Update : Additional details: She is 5 and a half months old and neva been in heat. Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Cheryl Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer i can understand you want the best for your dog but i am positive your dog is picking up on your anxiety which is not helping her at all ... spaying is a very routine surgery and the healing is just part of it ... the dog had surgery very recently, just be calm, do what the dog needs to be calm ... like if the dog is calm outside, grab a book and go out and sit with her ... seriously, it is your own personal anxiety that is the problem and not the spaying of your dog ... relax and just let the dog heal ... if you had surgery you wouldn't be your best for a bit too, so just mellow out about it ... an abnormal incision would have swelling and redness and a little discharge is not out of the ordinary ... my dogs back was ripped open six inches by another dog and she had sutures and there was a bit of discharge, mild redness but within two weeks the stitches were removed ... just tell yourself this is normal and be as calm as you can be as your dog will pick up on your energy and that is not fair to the dog, it does not help the dog, it makes it worse for the dog ... part of owning a dog is doing the right thing even if it seems hard or wrong to you ... and you have had her spayed at the perfect time ... 0 3 1 Login to reply the answers Post Cat 10 years ago Dont worry too much. When my pup was neudered i was so worried but it all turned out fine. Usually let it sleep, keep close to it so it feels safe and that nothing is wrong. Stay with it weather its outside or in, give it a chew toy but dont let her go to wild. I couldnt find any good pictures of what it would look like if it was infected but it would get pink/red and you would probably see the stiches spread apart because of inflamation. The medicine for pain only lasts so long and may only cure some of the pain, so dont worry if the eyes water because all you can do for the pain is give it its daily dose. So just stay with her untill she feels/looks comfortable. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post ? Lv
4 3 years ago Spaying a girl cat is one hundred% effective. i've got owned countless lady cats in my existence and all of them had the surgical treatment. not extra howling and no kittens. The vet ought to describe each and everything to you till now. don't be afraid to ask questions. She'll ought to stay in one day for remark, to be specific she comes out of the anesthesia and to observe for any issues from the surgical treatment, yet you shouldn't issue. She'll be in able hands. Veterinarians do those approaches each and all of the time. Oh and he or she'll be somewhat groggy whilst she gets abode yet it is common. She desires to kick back for some days besides. you're doing the acceptable ingredient. it will be ok. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jennifer Lv
4 10 years ago Don't listen to that person with anger issues, you are doing right by your dog.
It will take some time for the dog to heal but you are bringing her to the vet for follow-ups so unless you see something really abnormal, every day your dog will feel a bit better. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Sheri Lv
7 10 years ago You want the best for her ?
You love her and would do anything for her?
Yet you had been keeping her outside and not inside as a part of the family... Sure that makes sense! You are highly irresponsible !
Dogs are not solitary animals and should not be kept alone outside. Pups should never be left outside unsupervised ever ! You shouldn't own a pup or any other animal for that matter... Call the breeder you got her from, I am sure they would be just thrilled to know that all the hard work they put into properly raising and caring for their pup was now living in your damn yard. Source(s):
-
Disgusted show breeder
that would repossess that pup in a heart beat ! 0 2 5 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Is it ok to have sex with my dog? 21 answers Why are people so mean to female dogs and refer to them as "Bitches" why can't you call them "Mrs Doggy" ????? ? 15 answers Can dogs eat raw meat? 13 answers Is taking out your puppy during a storm safe? 15 answers Why do dogs have to sleep in cages? 23 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How I worry about my German shepherd puppy attacking my other dogs when he grows up ? Kangal-Staffordshire mix in yard behind me. Dog seems like the real deal, does not back away when I make sudden move toward it to test him? My puppy has parvo we took him to the vet charged us 800 dollars we been trying to take care of him but he’s not getting better? Why do dogs lick you ? Will dogs kill and eat their masters if they get too hungry? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites