best type of bedding for mice? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products lioness Lv
7 lioness
asked in
Pets Rodents
·
1 decade ago best type of bedding for mice? Whats the best type of bedding for mice living in a cooler climate.
I would like it to look natural if possible kind of like the field mice displays you sometimes find at museums. I use coconut fiber for my hermit crabs but that cannot be safe because it holds moisture and would likely be eaten. I've read up a bit on the animals and I don't have mice currently. But I'm wondering what would be the best brands to buy? and which brands to avoid? Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Nikkayyy 1 decade ago Favorite Answer definitely more of a cottony bedding. I use carefresh bedding for my mice, because most rodents are prone to respiratory disease. Wood shavings give off dust, which means that rodents are more likely to get respiratory disease. Their little bodies just can't take it.it come in different colors so it can be green, like their environment. Also, its so warm. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post TaintedPaladin 1 decade ago I would use pine shavings or shredded newspaper. Field mice would use something similar anyways, so give them a nice natural environment and they'll be fine for heat. If you're concerned it might get too cold for them, stick an electric blanket on low under one corner of the cage, just like you would for snakes or reptiles. 1 0 2 Mattie Taylor 5 years ago Report Pine is not good and can kill small animals... and you didn't even mention the newspaper must have soy ink Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago
i would avoid homebrand but the reset should be fine for bedding you could use straw or wood shavings hope i helpped 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Why are pig's lazy? 4 answers why do chineesse people eat rats, mice, fish? 4 answers If Israil is holy land and Jews than why they mistreat goyim? 6 answers Hamster name ideas? ? 4 answers What can I do to help an injured field mouse? 4 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is Manna Pro mouse and rat food safe for rats? Is Manna Pro mouse and rat food safe for rats? Mouse’s ear is bleeding HELP? Is this a big enough rat travel cage? Hamster leg won't work? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites