betta fish with swollen side of face and white cottony patch.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products riley riley
asked in
Pets Fish
·
1 decade ago betta fish with swollen side of face and white cottony patch.? hey folks! i have a sick betta at home and i can't seem to find out what it could be. his face has been swollen on one side for quite a while now, and now it has white cottony stuff coming from it. i treated the swelling a month or 2 ago with macryn 2 and he was acting better, the swelling just didn't go away. half his face is swollen out and it looks red in between the scales. anyone able to help my little fish? Answer Save 1 Answer Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Could be something called Columnaris. I beleive it's a fungal illness but can be treated. If you treated the tank already with meds then you need to put carbon in the filter before using any more meds. Check you water for signs of ammonia or nitrite and do a water change if needed. Then i'd consult your local fish store and see what they have in stock for cotton wool type problems. Good luck. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions i just got bit by a bat in a cave. do i have rabbies? 4 answers Shouldn't all aquarium fish be set free? 7 answers i just took a wicked big poo and it wont flush.the water isnt refilling in the tank either.? 6 answers do u eat as much fish as you should? 5 answers What is the best fish food to buy? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How should you treat nitrite poisoning in a cichlid? Is this filter okay for my juvenile betta? my wifi is working but firestick not picking it up? Can crayfish eat sausage? Janitor fish questions:
1. Can they be put in a pond with kois and carps?
2. Will their waste be harmful to the fishes when they're big? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites