La Senza or La Vie En Rose?? Ladies only please...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ? ?
asked in
Family & Relationships Other - Family & Relationships
·
1 decade ago La Senza or La Vie En Rose?? Ladies only please...? So, im trying to get my girl a few "special" panties for when i propose to her, and I just wanted to know....do girls prefer stuff from La Senza or La Vie En Rose? i know the styles and quality differ between each store so i wanna know which u ladies? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance I go to HOGWARTS!! 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I greatly prefer La Senza. La Vie En Rose bras are uncomfortable, in my experience. And my boobs aren't even that small -- not big, not not small, at 34B, and I did not find a bra that was small enough for me at La Vie En Rose. La Senza all the way!!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anna Lv
4 4 years ago I think La Vie En Rose is generally better quality with nicer, more "classic" designs. La Senza does have some really cute things, but I find they are really hit-and-miss. Unless you are 100% sure of what your lady will like, stick with La Vie En Rose, just because a classic style is much safer. I also find the staff in LVER is MUCH more helpful. I was in a store for over an hour trying on every white corset they had shopping for my bridal lingerie, and the girls there were just awesome. I made the same kind of trip to La Senza when looking and they were not nearly as helpful. Good Luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What should you do if your dad just told all your classmates that he still thinks you're a probably a closeted lesbian? 10 answers I just turned 26 and suddenly I feel extremely old? 8 answers Why do you think Christianity and religion are both declining so heavily in America? 15 answers Can people have sex at walt disney world hotels? 11 answers Spells for getting a loved one on parole ? 3 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Would I be a bad person if this? My mother believes that being the oldest sibling means assistance with parenting. Am I being selfish or manipulated? Can this mean he's mad? neice help me? No confio en mi novia cuando esta con su mejor amiga? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites