Can I move out the second I turn eighteen? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products hola hola
asked in
Family & Relationships Singles & Dating
·
9 years ago Can I move out the second I turn eighteen? My parents make me so angry and I want to move out so badly.
I understand that it is not as easy as it sounds in my head.
Is there anything I need to do or know so I can leave as soon as I hit eighteen.
I'm sixteen. Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance Pyro Lv
6 9 years ago Favorite Answer Get a job and start saving. If you haven't been doing this already, then you probably won't be able to move out right when you turn eighteen, because you will have to get your own place and you will have bills to pay. When you do move you also need to notify anywhere that would send you mail of your change of address (like your school, etc.) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post George 9 years ago I turned 18 in june and moved out in july =p It's not that I hate my parents or anything, they're great and it was hard to leave.
I left because of job opportunities, and I wanted a fresh start. Right now I'm living with my uncle looking for a job. It wasn't as hard as I thought (emotion wise) but the job market is bad right now and it's hard to get started living on my own. Also, not being in school, I don't have any friends to hang out with or any place to even meet people my age. Those are just some things to think about. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Beatrix Risible Lv
4 9 years ago Nope. You can move out at 12:00 AM on your 18th birthday if you must. But not at 11:59. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 9 years ago You're legally allowed to move out at age 16. Just sayin'. I recommend staying with them though. Living on your own is expensive. You'll have to work all the time & wont have time for your social life. Even if you have roommates. Source(s):
My friend moved out at age 16 with her 21 year old bf and 2 other people in their 20's She worked all the time & went to school. She didn't have much time for her friends and she ended up moving back into her parents house after a year or 2 anyway. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 9 years ago If thats what you like. Youd have to find a place to stay. Feed yourself. Take care of yourself. Make money
And possibly pay rent. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Casey Downey 9 years ago no.
you cannot move out from your parents house without a permission slip from the principal of your school... 0 0 2 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Boyfriend got mad and broke up with me because I said I was comfortable and didn’t feel the need to overly impress him with my looks? 23 answers guy I met online and I have been talking for 3months. He brings money in the conversations. Is it a red flag? ? 26 answers Did I cheat, should I tell her ? 43 answers When to turn new relationship into sexual relationships? 7 answers I am going to meet a guy first time after chatting on video and phone calls for 1 month. Would this be ok? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions End of relationship ? What does it mean when a waitress says she isn’t charging you for your drinks? ? Why Did She Not Let Me Kiss Her? Is it good that he texted? What is it called when my boyfriend gets mad that I put lipstick on before I go out with my family and him to a bar? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites