DO YOU AGREE WITH ME ??? MATURE PEOPLE ONLY !!!! thanks a looooot !!!!? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Ali Lv
4 Ali
asked in
Family & Relationships Singles & Dating
·
1 decade ago DO YOU AGREE WITH ME ??? MATURE PEOPLE ONLY !!!! thanks a looooot !!!!? Ok, im really sick of being or acting as a player and this game rule thing... like waiting 3-4 days and then call her or msg her... dont show to much interest at first cuz she might think you are desperate... i mean come on, why do we have to waste our times... if you really like her go ahead and just tell her and be honest...if you feel like talking to her then just call her or msg her now, why wait 3-4 days ???? who came up with these stupid rules ? do you agree with me ? any comments? Thanks a lot ! Answer Save 26 Answers Relevance Tashi Delek Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer THANK YOU.
You have made my day.
If you want this woman's perspective, I am sickened by those games you are describing. That 3-4 days thing is downright cruel, when it would be so nice to get together when you click.
Now! If you think you HAVE to do the 3-4 day thing, why not talk about it? The two of you agree that you will spend 3-4 days thinking over the possible connection, and make arrangements for a phone call or meeting at the end of that time? At least the agony will be less than a man just disappearing and a woman wondering if that was it.
Yes, I agree it is just plain stupid. It is hurtful, and it is lame. I think it would be so nice if people would just knock off the games and be real with each other...whether you like the person or don't like them.
Again, I thank you. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Z X 1 decade ago BE CAREFUL!
I agree - we hate these "rules" but what you will find is that women respond to you differently when you play by the rules.
It is not possible to truely understand women or assume they will all respond the same way.
But what you will see is that women who get what they want all the time, will look elsewhere for something new. If you keep them waiting/wanting, they will feel like they have to do something extra to get you to pay more attention to them.
So if you call the next day, then no big deal.
If you wait a few days, they will wonder why you did not call sooner and what they can do to get you to call them back sooner, in the future.
A lot of people will disagree but deep down everyone knows this is true. Just because you really like someone, does not mean you will get what you want if you give them all of your attention and affection right away; just be careful and good luck!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post GG 1 decade ago coming from a girl, those are some stupid rules. if you want to long she may just move on thinking why wait. besides you never know who the right one could be and she may slip by you with these rules. If your open and honest, it can make her want you even more. Besides if you waited 3-4 days to call or msg me I would think I was a last resort and would pretty much tell ya what you could do with yourself when you finally came around. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post gravity 1 decade ago I think that to know you're very into an individual after only knowing them less than a week is "jumping the gun." Look, you can learn a lot about someone in a short amount of time, sure.
However, its not until a few years of spending time with that person do you *really* see what kind of person they are. First impressions are generally not true representations - remember that. The reason these "rules" exist is because they represent whether you are capable of showing some level of patience and restraint, or just ready to jump in the sack.
;-) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Anonymous 1 decade ago totally agree love and life are far too complicated as is for us to start imposing rules upon ourselves do you really want to play that game? the one where you try and figure out what she wants? why not just ask her? rather than the fears... "if I call her too soon she'll think I'm desperate or too into her..." "if I call her too late she'll think I'm not interested and she'll find someone else..." just call when you want to call, and if you're not sure then ask her if it's ok for you to be calling her at that time (she'll tell ya what she wants if you ask) no point in guessing, no point in playing games all you do when you do that is make your life much more complicated and much more difficult life doesn't need help getting complicated so don't add to your stress, don't add to your list of things to worry about because life will do that for you BESIDES if you're not yourself from the very beginning then she can't be sure that you're what she wants, and the same goes for vice-versa don't play games: just be yourself 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post teacherladi33 1 decade ago Some games are innocent and part of normal dating. Honesty is important and none of those calling rules are really worth following. Treat your lady with respect and be worthy of her respect to you. Don't talk about being a player because there is no future in that. Just be yourself because when she falls for you, it should really just be you. Call her early and tell her that you enjoyed meeting her and that you are interested is spending some time with her to get to know her better. Good luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post pirate prince 1 decade ago SAME HERE. From the female side its still really screwed up. You go by the rules= you get f'd up. You dotn go by the rules = you get f'd up. I dont see logic in this at all. What ever happened to the "I like you's" and then normal hang out. Waiting makes things worse. both parties are frekaingout wonderign if it is the rules or if its rejection....ok I'm done 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post verylonely1 1 decade ago I totally agree with you! I hate when it takes guys forever to call me. It makes me feel rejected and that they are not interested. If you are interested in a girl, call her! Be different and show her you are interested. However, on the second hand dont call her too often and be too clingy. Girls hate that and it is a big turn off and they think you are desperate. :) Good luck! Source(s):
I am a female 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Baby Iris Neko 1 decade ago Yes, I agree with you. Either guy or girl, if you fall in love for someone, just tell him/her honestly how you feel. If you feel like call him/her, just do it, even everyday or every hour. If you feel like ask him/her out for dinner or movie, just do it. You don't have to pretend like you don't bother about him/her but actually insdide your heart, you really do care. 3-4 days? I don't think so. It will make him/her feel more that you are ignoring them. Stop those "stupid rules"... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago no i recon those rules r stupid i mean 3-4 frickn days dats ridiculous! the girl wud fnk u dnt like her by den! as long as ur nt pissn sum1 of by talkn 2 dem 24/7 its fine 2 msg sum1 if u want 2 talk etc etc i fnk guys hu do dat r like totaly out of it lol if u like a girl go 4 it! Source(s):
im a chic lol.... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (16) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Boyfriend got mad and broke up with me because I said I was comfortable and didn’t feel the need to overly impress him with my looks? 23 answers guy I met online and I have been talking for 3months. He brings money in the conversations. Is it a red flag? ? 26 answers Did I cheat, should I tell her ? 43 answers When to turn new relationship into sexual relationships? 7 answers I am going to meet a guy first time after chatting on video and phone calls for 1 month. Would this be ok? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Because of the quarantine, my hips have grown to 94 cm but in my street they like me, because? No guys might ever No guys might have sex with and I might be a virgin for the rest of my life because I'm really ugly? Do you think I should contact my ex and sort things out? Do i have another chance with her? Should I apologize to her? What does it mean when a waitress says she isn’t charging you for your drinks? ? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites