What's the best way to end my misery? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Nameless Lv
4 Nameless
asked in
Family & Relationships Other - Family & Relationships
·
10 years ago What's the best way to end my misery? I want to commit suicide. but I cant't. I still have an ounce of religion left in me. But everything's going south. And it's all because of my parents. I'm coming from a culture where it's socially not acceptable for girls to date before marriage. Therefore boyfriends, sleepovers and birthday parties have always been prohibited for me. Never had a lot of friends. Never had a birthday party where my guests are people but my parents. when graduation came around, I was the only one who didn't go to our chemfree after grad. But it's not what's bugging me. by mid grade 12 I started dating a guy that was in fairness perfect for me. maybe even better than what I possibly deserved. I thought I was old enough. long story short, my parents gave us both hell. We decided to secretly date until I'm old enough to have a say or move out. I can't move out; in that stupid culture I'm from moving out is like cutting yourself out of the family picture. Forever. Plus I can't afford it. university is very expensive and I'm paying for every penny of it, myself. Now my boyfriend of one year who gave me a secret commitment ring and promised he'd "wait as long as it takes" has decided that he is tired of all the waiting and hiding. He is right.
I love my parents. But I hate how they control every part of my life, my diet, what I wear, where I go, who I hang out with, what time I leave, when I come back, what time I go to bed,whether I clean my room or not... sigh I just don't want the life that's not mine. If I can't have the life I want, I'd rather not live at all. everything is wrong with my life. Even school's going bad. Talking has never done any good in out family. How do I end this misery? sorry if it's too long :( I'm just at the point of seriously considering suicide. Update : Also let's say I commit suicide; I don't care about if it causes pain to people around me. They'll eventually learn to live with it like nothing's ever happened. Answer Save 3 Answers Relevance Marie Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer Maybe perspective will help you.
Senator John McCain endured YEARS in a POW camp.
He was tortured, not fed well, uncomfortable, dirty and told everything he could and could not do.
He decided to survive as best he could until things changed.
Your life situation is going to change too.
You won't be a teen forever.
You are not in a foreign country and not in a POW camp.
You are at your house with some rules that maybe don't fit but they won't be your rules forever.
What kept the senator going was his mind.
He may have done things and said things to make others think he was on their side or going along with them, but in his mind he kept hope that his misery would end, and it did.
Yours will end too.
Time for you to look into what you can do for yourself. The other thing that will help you is to do service work, helping others less fortunate than you. Source(s):
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_McCain
http://fitness.families.com/blog/exercise-your-bod... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Dominique Lv
4 10 years ago Everything is in a knot, it all looks like dead ends. I know what that feels like because I was raised the same way--- so I felt like a freak. What your parents don't realize is that this pressure to conform, to suffocate you, may blow up in their faces.
They may drive you to making desperate decisions. And even drive you away. Can you sit down with them and work out a few of the issues? Write your points down in advance. Show your maturity and trustworthiness. You were trying to have a secret relationship so they may not be fully trusting you.
Start with one thing-- for instance, what time you go to bed. Ask to be allowed to choose that.
Down the road, add something else-- what time you come home. Be scupulous about being on time and staying in contact so they don't worry. Is there a sport you can do-- a way to get out of the house on a regular basis? Rollerskating or volleyball or something. You are in a bad patch-- you just have to hang on until your life opens out. A broken heart on top of it all. The worst. You are forced into this passive role when you are full of vitality. I used to read a LOT, stay in the study carrels reading and drawing. My sister's way was to get in fights, argue. In both cases, it didn't get us any more control over our lives. You have little control over circumstances but you can control your response.
Have you ever tried Skype or iChat?
I have fun talking to people around the world--- all you need is a computer and a webcam.
This really helps when I'm in my own bad patch, unable to get out. PM me if you like.
We truly feel for you here. Source(s):
life 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Sky 10 years ago Dont do it. My parents are exactly the same way. Love them while you can no matter what. If you want friend u could talk to me. :) The point im trying to make is is that no matter waht your life is like, there is always someeone out there who has an even worse life. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What should you do if your husband keeps calling your teenage son gay, prompting him to angrily call him a tranny in retaliation? 12 answers Why do you think Christianity and religion are both declining so heavily in America? 13 answers Can people have sex at walt disney world hotels? 9 answers What should you do if your dad just told all your classmates that he still thinks you're a probably a closeted lesbian? 6 answers Are there Marriages/Relationships that don't end in death? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions My friend said “it’s conversation or nothing” what does that mean? How would you feel if a guy said he’s 99.9% sure he doesn’t want a threesome? Now I don’t want one so knowing there’s a 1% still bothers me? how scary is Ireland? Is he stupid? This man has never been in a relationship and this was his answer if he was ever in one, and the sex wasn’t good between both partners? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites