Inverted Nipples. Help? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products wammbam wammbam
asked in
Family & Relationships Other - Family & Relationships
·
1 decade ago Inverted Nipples. Help? I have been dating the same guy for a while now. We are so in love. We have gone pretty far, but I have never let anyone see my boobs, and im just plain embarrassed about them. Im worried that if i let him, he will judge me. And i no its defiantly not what he is expecting. How can i tell him or talk to him about this, or atleast try to make myself feel more comfortable with myself. But its defiantly time for this to happen, help? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance jahü Lv
4 1 decade ago Favorite Answer One of my ex-girlfriends had inverted nipples. The first time I saw them I do remember pausing for a second to look because I had never seen inverted nipples before, but it didn't stop me, I didn't think it was weird or anything. Anyway with a little "coaxing," the inverted nipples always seemed to "vert" themselves just fine.
It helps if the room is warm and if you're warm. But give yourself a break.
You are probably too focused on this one thing.
You'll both probably forget about nipples and move onto something else after a minute or two anyway. If he's a normal guy, he'll be happy to see breasts in front of him, no matter what the nipples are doing at the moment. ;) 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post mgctouch Lv
7 1 decade ago I believe that a very, very small percentage of men actually are turned off by inverted nipples.
Many of us appreciate the woman first and then their sexy breasts and nipples are an added bonus. If a guy is put off by inverted nipples, he is not with the girl because he loves her - he is too shallow for that. Believe your boyfriend when he tells you that there is nothing wrong with him.
He is telling you the truth. One other thing to consider,
If you (like many other women) find it erotic when a man appreciates your breasts, you have only yourself to blame if you keep putting it off because you are afraid of rejection due to inverted nipples.
If your boyfriend was actually shallow enough to make a major issue of it, he is not the right guy for you anyway. Most likely he will just love you and your breasts and he will be grateful that you shared your incredibly sexy breasts (inverted nipples or not) with him.
Just be careful, he might become addicted to your breasts and nipples just as he loves to be addicted to you. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago inverted nipples??????? honestly idk what it really looks like.. hhmm... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post MIla M Lv
4 1 decade ago how is it look like i have not yet seen 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Iceman 1 decade ago just be honest, always better that way Source(s):
me 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago be honest.
if he really loves you it will not matter. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What should you do if your dad just told all your classmates that he still thinks you're a probably a closeted lesbian? 10 answers I just turned 26 and suddenly I feel extremely old? 8 answers Why do you think Christianity and religion are both declining so heavily in America? 15 answers Can people have sex at walt disney world hotels? 11 answers Spells for getting a loved one on parole ? 3 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can this mean he's mad? Would I be a bad person if this? My mother believes that being the oldest sibling means assistance with parenting. Am I being selfish or manipulated? Love is a selfish hypothetical optimum. Who disagrees? No confio en mi novia cuando esta con su mejor amiga? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites