All is well until...? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Family & Relationships Singles & Dating
·
7 years ago All is well until...? I've been talking to this guy in one of my classes in university for weeks. We seemed to get along and he would be interested in getting to know me. Then one day when I asked him to help me out with something he said he would email me and I coyly asked him if he had Facebook instead and he said he did and that he would find me, this was a Friday. Then on Monday and for the next few days he never looked or spoke to me... Not sure what happened? Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 7 years ago Favorite Answer This really is strange. I only have to reasons that I can think of right here (I'm very tired mind you.) 1. He is ignoring you because someone told him you like him. Or he found out himself. This option is less likely than number 2. 2. He couldn't find you on facebook so he is to nervous to tell you. Heck I'll even throw in 3. 3. He saw your facebook and didn't like your profile at all. ... Yeah .-. I can't think of anything else, good luck though :) Edit: Answer above mine! This is also called playing hard to get :D. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Pinini 7 years ago he might be trying the elastic band theory which is that in the relationship that you used to have with him (friends) you both are holding the band but then he let goes of the band and he thinks that you will be more 'into' him if he just stays away after getting close to you. play hard to get and hell come springing back after a while... i think :/ :p 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm 26F and my boyfriend is 21M. His mom doesn't approve of our relationship due to our age difference. How can I get over this? 14 answers Boyfriend got mad and broke up with me because I said I was comfortable and didn’t feel the need to overly impress him with my looks? 45 answers Killed him during sèx ? 16 answers Is he aiming for sex? 18 answers why does everybody hate Joe Biden? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Should I quit my job? ? How do you approach a woman in public? Is it wrong to fall in love with your best friend? Do musicians generally have a reputation or would you trust a musician for dating if they were still single at 41? Why do people say that a guy in his 20s dating someone 17/16 is grooming when it's legal in most part of the world including the US? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites