Does the Matron of Honor and Best Man Have to be married? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products melissa melissa
asked in
Family & Relationships Engagements & Weddings
·
1 decade ago Does the Matron of Honor and Best Man Have to be married? Answer Save 24 Answers Relevance JJ 1 decade ago Favorite Answer no 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post If the shoe fits... 1 decade ago No. The Matron of Honor is a married woman. A Maid of Honor is a woman that is not married. The Best Man does not even have to know that Maid or Matron of Honor. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post holmeskaykay Lv
4 1 decade ago Absolutely not . The Matron of Honor should be a close friend or family member to the bride and the Best man close a close friend or family member to the groom. If this means that they are a married couple so be it.
But if not it's okay. But the term Matron of Honor should be used for a married woman or an older woman (if she prefers that term). 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago The word matron would indicate that she is married. But no, honor attendants to not have to be married as a requirement for being the honor attendants. An unmarried female honor attendant on the bride's side would be called the maid of honor. The best man is still the best man whether he is married or not. And just to be completely clear, they certainly don't have to be married to each other or even know each other for that matter. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in whiskeyman510 Lv
7 1 decade ago no.
In fact I've seen weddings where they didn't even know each other. The Maid/Matron of honor should be the best friend of the bride, or perhaps a close relative.
The same goes for the Best Man with regards to the groom. In fact I would be very surprised if it happenned that these 2 people would be married, as often the bride & groom's best friends were formed before the couple met. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Gigi 1 decade ago No, a Matron of Honor is someone who is married. A Maid of Honor is someone who is unmarried. There are no rules that the Best Man has to be married as well. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post lsjcmo3 Lv
4 1 decade ago I always thought the Matron of Honor meant she was married and the maid of Honor, Meant she was not.... I think the Best Man could be either or... 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post kateqd30 Lv
6 1 decade ago To each other? No absolutely not.
Matron of honors are married women, if they arent married they are called Maid of Honor. The best mans title doesnt change whether he is married or not. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Matron is married... Maid of honor is not... same thing just different wording.
but you still only have 1 female the maid or matron of honor. Guys- doesn't matter- best man- single or married. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago No...they don't have to be married and they don't have to be married to each other.
Actually, let me clarify - a matron of honor is a married woman...if she were single she'd be called the maid of honor. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post gileswench Lv
5 1 decade ago No. They don't even have to know each other. They don't even have to be married to other people (in which case, it's Maid of Honor rather than Matron). 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (13) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? 9 answers (Trigger warning) Was I raped...? 23 answers Is it a good idea to ask a girl at work to go to a wedding with me? I've known her a long time and have hung out with her outside of work.? 8 answers My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? 6 answers I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions What is the average age to get engaged in the UK? Can anybody find me somebody to love? My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? Which are the best Destination Wedding Planners in Delhi NCR? Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites