MOH and Matron of? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Green_eyes 69 Green_eyes 69
asked in
Family & Relationships Engagements & Weddings
·
1 decade ago MOH and Matron of? What is the differance I always thought that there is just MOH? Answer Save 8 Answers Relevance derek1079 Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Maid of Honor is an unmarried woman Matron of Honor is a married woman. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Lydia Lv
7 1 decade ago MOH can stand for Matron of Honor (a married woman) OR Maid of Honor (a single woman). There is only one position. Others would be bridesmaids. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post TML 1 decade ago Maid Of Honor is unmarried while Matron of Honor is married. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Angela O Lv
5 1 decade ago Matron is married, maid is not. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in ஐ♥Vanessa♥ஐ Lv
6 1 decade ago I always thought Matron of honor was much older than you and maid of honor is close to your age 0 0 3 Login to reply the answers Post Cute Mom of 2 Lv
6 1 decade ago The Matron is married, the Maid is not. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post J'adore Lv
4 1 decade ago Maid of Honor=an unmarried women (even if she's engaged) Matron of Honor=Married women 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Matron is a married MOH. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? 9 answers (Trigger warning) Was I raped...? 23 answers Is it a good idea to ask a girl at work to go to a wedding with me? I've known her a long time and have hung out with her outside of work.? 8 answers My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? 6 answers I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? how would I make a really good maid of honour speech for my sister and her abusive boyfriend? Is it bad luck when fiancé (guy) takes back the engagement ring he gave you after a heated argument then returns it to you after making up? Which are the best Destination Wedding Planners in Delhi NCR? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites