Does he lyke me? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Family & Relationships Singles & Dating
·
6 years ago Does he lyke me? we are pretty good friends. he always hugs me. he said to his friends that he would date me if i had more cleavage... One of his bestfriends ran up to me and was like "hey (my name) guess what?! (his name) likes you!!. when the guy i like answered he was being really awkward and he's like "what (friends name) shut up no i dont" so i gave him a hug.. do you think he likes
me? Im just confused. Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 6 years ago Favorite Answer I think he does! The cleavage part is a little confusing, but everything else makes me believe he does like you. You should talk to him more to really see if he does though Source(s):
Answer my latest question? 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 6 years ago Honestly, "he said to his friends he would date me if I had more cleavage". Come on now. Why would you even want to date a guy who says something like that about you. I know you probably hear it all the time, that you like a person for their personality not their looks, but it really is true. Looks should just be a bonus. At the end of the day the only way you will be happy is if your with some in who treats you right. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm 26F and my boyfriend is 21M. His mom doesn't approve of our relationship due to our age difference. How can I get over this? 14 answers Boyfriend got mad and broke up with me because I said I was comfortable and didn’t feel the need to overly impress him with my looks? 45 answers Killed him during sèx ? 16 answers Is he aiming for sex? 18 answers why does everybody hate Joe Biden? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it wrong to fall in love with your best friend? Should we kick Wisconsin out of the US? I mean they're just so weird? How do you approach a woman in public? I don't want to miss this opportunity?!? Why do people say that a guy in his 20s dating someone 17/16 is grooming when it's legal in most part of the world including the US? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites