where can i meet boys? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products ally ally
asked in
Family & Relationships Singles & Dating
·
1 decade ago where can i meet boys? i go to an all girls high school (im a sophomore) and my friends and i dont really know any guys. i've never had a boyfriend or had my first kiss. also im sort of shy... and i have trouble talking to strangers or people i dont know that well. everyone says im pretty and always asks me why i dont have a boyfriend so i think my main problem is that i dont know any boys. i really want to meet some guys but im not sure where i should go to find them. where can i meet nice boys that are around my age? and what should i do to make friends with them? Answer Save 11 Answers Relevance miri-miri-off-the-wall Lv
5 1 decade ago Favorite Answer Go to places guys hang out.
Sporting goods stores, clothiers like American Eagle or Abercrombie and Fitch, shooting ranges, most any kind of sporting event, game section of any department store...there are lots of places guys hang out. Wanna make friends?
Just pretend you're interested in whatever they're interested in.
They'll think you're cool (for a girl)
and you'll be getting a valuable lesson for all young women ("faking")--which will come in handy in the future!! If you're truly pretty, you won't have to make much of an effort.
They'll find you. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Jimbo 1 decade ago Volunteer for a cause you believe in.
It's not enough to just meet any guy.
You want to meet someone with which you have something in common.
Concerts are good too.
You'll at least like the same music. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago go to a camp over the summer, or just go to concerts, or stores and if you see someone you might be interested in make small talk and maybe there will be a spark. Id recommend the camp too cuz a lot ppl meet their bfs or gfs at camps. good luck. if you dont find someone immediately or not even for awhile just dont wait for the right person to come, it will happen unexpectadly. :D 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bravofan71 Lv
5 1 decade ago Where do hang out? To honest,these days really nowhere is really a good place! It depends on the type of person you are. Whatever you do,DON'T RUSH ANYTHING! This is coming from a 36 yr old. I know what I'm talking about! Good luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Its me Lv
4 1 decade ago Meet him in college.
Whats the hurry? Your time will come within the next 3 years. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Usually, students from all-girls schools attend events (dances, etc.) with students from local all-boys schools.
Maybe you can attend some of those.
You can also join a youth group at your house of worship. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago i meet a bunch of girls at the gym... so mabee thats a good place to go? im a freshman at a regular hs... wow im sorry about ur all grl hs, that must really blow. i also only date girls older than me so send me an im. ; ) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post looking forward for peace 1 decade ago You can contact me
iam also in search of a girl friend .i have never had before any one .And believe me iam the bvest guy. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago try goin to your local skate park, I go t here and find plenty of cute guys to talk to. however, i am somewhat shy about making conversation but believe me its important to not be too shy or else u wont get wat u want!!! good
luck! Source(s):
17(soon to be 18) yr old girl 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Tookie Williams Lv
4 1 decade ago Well for starters your on the right track..there are many guys on here..goodluck 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (1) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Boyfriend got mad and broke up with me because I said I was comfortable and didn’t feel the need to overly impress him with my looks? 23 answers guy I met online and I have been talking for 3months. He brings money in the conversations. Is it a red flag? ? 26 answers Did I cheat, should I tell her ? 43 answers When to turn new relationship into sexual relationships? 7 answers I am going to meet a guy first time after chatting on video and phone calls for 1 month. Would this be ok? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Do you think I should contact my ex and sort things out? Do i have another chance with her? What does it mean when a waitress says she isn’t charging you for your drinks? ? Why Did She Not Let Me Kiss Her? Because of the quarantine, my hips have grown to 94 cm but in my street they like me, because? Should I apologize to her? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites