GUYS -- What kind of pic would you like???? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Family & Relationships Singles & Dating
·
1 decade ago GUYS -- What kind of pic would you like???? If you were a 22 year old guy, what kinda sexy pic of your girl would you like?? Please don't report!!
Update : what kind of pose? Answer Save 18 Answers Relevance viper_guy17 1 decade ago Favorite Answer One of the hottest pics an ex ever sent me was of her in a pair of french cut boy shorts and nothing else on. But she was coyly covering her chest with her hand cupping one breast and her arm covering up the other. She also had a look of pure lust on her face, like she really wanted me. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post phillyguy714 Lv
4 1 decade ago A seductive pose of her beautiful eyes looking at the camera while in a bubble bath.
0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago My wife hired a photographer to take some very tasteful pictures. She's nude, but posed in a way that isn't revealing. Now we're having a sculptured image of us and our three children. I think this is a nice gift you're offering your boyfriend. If you're shy or easily offended, make sure he isn't the kind of guy who will show it to his buddies. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post michaelsmaniacal Lv
5 1 decade ago I'd want a pic that looks like she always looks. That reminds me of why I fell in love with her in the first place.
0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in noshaymatall Lv
5 1 decade ago A picture taken in front of a mirror so that the photographer is visible.
That way she won't be able to tell you that her "girlfriend" took the picture.
Sure it hurts when you see the naked cameraman........but hey, you get over it. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post sean c 1 decade ago something in the realm of a sexy pose, lingerie and a seductive look...... you don't have to be nude to be sexy, and then you don't have to worry about anything ever coming back on you in the future... 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post bigbluemoose 1 decade ago my gal in her teddy setting looking up with pouting eye at the camera with her legs spread and pearls between her red full lips 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post FRNSWRTH Lv
5 1 decade ago i am a leg guy - cleavage is nice, but im not really a boob guy - so maybe if she was in short shorts or a short skirt.. that would be sweet 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post Hyro 1 decade ago Something in high heels and a thong. 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post fleetwood 1 decade ago wearing a really short skirt would be hot. Guys will like anything probably. please help: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=ArYct... 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (8) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm 26F and my boyfriend is 21M. His mom doesn't approve of our relationship due to our age difference. How can I get over this? 14 answers Boyfriend got mad and broke up with me because I said I was comfortable and didn’t feel the need to overly impress him with my looks? 45 answers Killed him during sèx ? 16 answers Is he aiming for sex? 18 answers why does everybody hate Joe Biden? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Is it wrong to fall in love with your best friend? Should we kick Wisconsin out of the US? I mean they're just so weird? How do you approach a woman in public? Why does every teenage girl like curly haired guys? Why do people say that a guy in his 20s dating someone 17/16 is grooming when it's legal in most part of the world including the US? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites