What would the guy that gets paired with the Matron of Honour be called? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products JD JD
asked in
Family & Relationships Engagements & Weddings
·
10 years ago What would the guy that gets paired with the Matron of Honour be called? Since the Maid of Honour gets paired with the Best Man, What would the guy that gets paired with the Matron of Honour be called? Can this guy be the Matron of Honour's husband? Update : Yes, I read online on this etiquette thing that you may have both Maid of Honour and Matron of honour. I just didn't know who the Matron gets paired with lol.. confusing stuff. Thanks ! Update 2 : Just got info from this website on etiquette that the guy paired with the Matron of Honour would be called "Padrone" of in simple terms "Patron of Honour".
Thanks guys !! Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance truefirstedition Lv
7 10 years ago Favorite Answer There isn't a special name for a married best man. Married or single, he's always called the best man! If you have a maid of honor and a matron of honor and your fiance only has one best man, then one of the girls will walk with a normal groomsman. No biggie, and yes, it can be the woman's husband. Maybe back in the olden days "Patron of Honor" was a phrase but I have never, ever heard it used before. Weird. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Russ in NOVA Lv
7 10 years ago All the weddings that I have been to have either a maid of honor OR a matron of honor.
The play exactly the same role, the only difference is if the M of honor is married or not.
If she is not married she is the maid of honor, if she is married she is the matron of honor.
And of course they are always paired with the best man (who may or may not be married). Source(s):
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedding_ceremony_part... 0 1 2 Login to reply the answers Post The Original GarnetGlitter Lv
7 10 years ago When you have both a maid and a matron, the matron usually is paired with the best man..her social 'status' elevates her over the maid, gives her more social 'weight' and thus she gets the best man. Since you are not following this, pair her with a grooms man. 0 2 1 Login to reply the answers Post thisjustin Lv
7 10 years ago Yes it can be her husband if you so chose it to be and want him to be involved in your wedding. He can be called the Man of Honour or Best Man as well. There can be two best men and two maids of honour. It is your decision. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in kwhip3 Lv
7 10 years ago He would be called an easy mark. Happy hunting! 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Slightly Ravenous Lv
6 10 years ago It would be the next groomsman in line. And he would just be called a groomsman. 0 1 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? 9 answers (Trigger warning) Was I raped...? 23 answers Is it a good idea to ask a girl at work to go to a wedding with me? I've known her a long time and have hung out with her outside of work.? 8 answers My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? 6 answers I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions how would I make a really good maid of honour speech for my sister and her abusive boyfriend? What is the average age to get engaged in the UK? My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites