Which do you lyke better the looks or the personality??? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Family & Relationships Singles & Dating
·
1 decade ago Which do you lyke better the looks or the personality??? i have to say looks dont have to bbe
thing it has to be the peson Answer Save 13 Answers Relevance egethepege 1 decade ago Favorite Answer I look for personality, because then, if they have a nice personality, then they are beautiful in my eyes, but it doesnt hurt to look for some who have good looks 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Deformation Age Lv
4 1 decade ago K well what generally attracts me to a girl AT FIRST is looks, If you don't look well put together and presentable(and i'm a rocker type, i mean i have tattoo's, piercings, I dress like a rockstar LOL) then i dont want to talk to you, as you look like you've lost it or are too busy to care what you look like when you go out. Now if your well put together and presentable but you have no personality then you should get a personality... LOL. if you have good looks and a good personality, then I love it, but one or the other, i hate. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Reeve 1 decade ago Alphas and most guys will go for a girl first on looks.
If there is nothing to back it up though a relationship will not blossom so in the long run the personality is key. Source(s):
http://relationshipguru18.blogspot.com 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post bitchlips411 1 decade ago I'd go with personality. You don't fall in love with her good looks ... you fall in love with her personality. But you can't be ugly. But I'd pick a good-looking girl with a good personality over a smoking hot bimbo any day. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in ஐ♥Angel Baby♥ஐ 1 decade ago i think the personality personaly because is shouldn't matter what the guy looks like unless ugly no im kidding just the personality 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post . Lv
7 1 decade ago It's "like" ('lyke' isn't a word) and although looks will draw my attention, it's personality that keeps it or not. If someone has both, bonus plan! ☺ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post searching_please Lv
6 1 decade ago Looks are nice, but the personality is mosdef the most important!!! Go with the personality!!! :) 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Patti Willoughby Lv
5 1 decade ago personality 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post mfc795 1 decade ago mediocre looks can easily be overcome with the right personality: however no
amount of looks can overcome a poor personality. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Personality
is a lot to deal with.I think
its personality. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Show more answers (3) Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions I'm 26F and my boyfriend is 21M. His mom doesn't approve of our relationship due to our age difference. How can I get over this? 14 answers Boyfriend got mad and broke up with me because I said I was comfortable and didn’t feel the need to overly impress him with my looks? 45 answers Killed him during sèx ? 16 answers Is he aiming for sex? 18 answers why does everybody hate Joe Biden? 16 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Should i have sex with my girlfriend, im not ready? Do musicians generally have a reputation or would you trust a musician for dating if they were still single at 41? I don't want to miss this opportunity?!? Should I quit my job? ? Is it wrong to fall in love with your best friend? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites