Gift ideas for Matron of honour....? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Anonymous Anonymous
asked in
Family & Relationships Engagements & Weddings
·
1 decade ago Gift ideas for Matron of honour....? No jewellery please, but what are some other nice ideas for her and my soon to be sister in law ("best woman"). Approx $50 max. I'd love some fun and meaningful suggestions! Update : $50 each... Answer Save 7 Answers Relevance BeatriceBatten Lv
7 1 decade ago Favorite Answer gift card to her favorite restaurant or store tickets to a sports game or a concert she wants to see a DVD box set or a hardcover copy of a book she loves a magazine subscription a designer handbag or sunglasses (try Marshall's for discounted deals) mp3 player, or new headphones/iPod accessories photos, a poster or a cool print in a nice frame gift card to a spa or nail/hair salon (NOT just for your wedding day) slippers and a nice bathrobe ... maybe with bath gel or bath salts 0 3 0 Login to reply the answers Post Chiky Lv
4 1 decade ago well, you said no jewelry, but a watch is always fun!
Stylish and you can have it engraved with a special message from you! What about a giftcard to Victoria's secret or Bath & Body Works?
Girls love that stuff and can use it to pamper themselves!
Or what about a gift certificate for a pedicure or manicure? or you could buy them tickets to an up coming concert, play, or sports game. What about a cute small travel case for a "weekend trip". Your favorite book about all things girly A magazine subscription to Lucky, In Style, Us Weekly, Everyday with Rachel Ray, Real Simple Magazine, or your favorite magazine (this is super cheap because they usually offer discounts when you go to the website or use the postcards inside the magazines themselves) Fruit from Harry And David a tanning salon package A new purse or wallet with a letter inside from you. I can go on... just ask! Good luck! 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post nanners040477 Lv
4 1 decade ago Okay this idea will cost you a lot less than $100, but it is something different. Okay go to Office Depot and get ....... -Avery® CD/DVD Laser Labels, Pack Of 40 for $15.99 -Office Depot® Brand DVD-R Recordable Media With Slim Jewel Cases, 4.7GB, Pack Of 10 for $9.99 Then hop over to Walgreens and get....... - Scotch Gift Wrap Tape for $2.49 -Roll of gift wrap, price will vary on style Once at home, come up with a music playlist that is unique to each person.
Songs that have meant something to each of you at one point, maybe from the wild days or from a sad movie you both watched together.
The point is to get a variety of music that fits only you and her.
Organize your playlist, and burn to a blank disk.
Then with your disk labels, create a personal label to place on the disk.
Something like "Thank you for being a part of this special day with us."
then put the date of the wedding and name of groom and bride.
Do it up in elegant text format and have it so it wraps around the label to fit the disk Gift wrap and give. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Hi! I suggest trying www.creanta.com They offer beautiful hand made paintings made from your favorite photograph or a loved one’s favorite photograph.
They’re very affordable and accommodate special painting requirements.
What I like about them is that they are reeeeaally good at capturing the physical likeness, something others can’t do.
I was extremely happy with the results.
Best wishes!! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in hitchnj Lv
6 1 decade ago the wedding and the days up to it are stressful for the key members of the wedding party too..
how about a gift card for some spa treatments after the wedding..
you should be able to get a massage or mani/pedi for $50 easily.. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post boodoll33 Lv
5 1 decade ago How about a cute frame that you can put a pic of you and her in? 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post ♪♫ ßr0wn Eyǝd G!rl ツ ♥ Lv
7 1 decade ago How about an engraved compact mirror like this one -
http://www.thingsremembered.com/webapp/wcs/stores/... $14.99 Source(s):
thingsremembered.com 0 0 1 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? 9 answers (Trigger warning) Was I raped...? 23 answers Is it a good idea to ask a girl at work to go to a wedding with me? I've known her a long time and have hung out with her outside of work.? 8 answers My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? 6 answers I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Which are the best Destination Wedding Planners in Delhi NCR? I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? Wedding on a beach, yes or no? how would I make a really good maid of honour speech for my sister and her abusive boyfriend? What is the average age to get engaged in the UK? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites