my
friend told my guy friend that i like him and now is is being al werid and ignoring me what shouldi do? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products kayla m kayla m
asked in
Family & Relationships Friends
·
1 decade ago my
friend told my guy friend that i like him and now is is being al werid and ignoring me what shouldi do? one of my best friend told my guy friend that i like him and now he is all werid around me and i dont no if i should tell him the truth or act normal around him Answer Save 2 Answers Relevance Anonymous 1 decade ago Favorite Answer you should just shrug it off and act normal around him. if he ever brings it up, smile coyly and say, "what do you think?" but if he doesnt, that means hes not interested and i suggest you move on to another guy. dont worry. it isnt the end of the world. you'll find others out there and this embarrassment will be behind you. in the meantime, i suggest you tell you friend that you didnt like her telling the guy and you think she did you wrong. tell her to never do that in the future again. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago You should first ask your friend why she did that. Then what you need to do is go up to the guy you like and say, " LISTEN WHATEVER MY FRIEND TOLD YOU WAS A LIE!!" Then say, " You don't have to act so weird!" YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW IF IT'S TRUE" HOPE THIS HELPED! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do you dumb yourself down for others? 24 answers My daughters now feel uncomfortable around black people? 13 answers Should we call the police? Got their license plates ? 10 answers A very close friend isn't replying to me? 5 answers WTF is that? 5 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions My 29 year old daughter dropped out of high school when she was 18 and suddenly she wants to be a nurse? “It’s been years..get over it” Opinions on this statement? I get the impression my female manager doesn’t like me but I’m not sure why. ? How do late teens have a conversation? ? I get intimidated help? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites