im going to be a matron of honor? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products cangirl cangirl
asked in
Family & Relationships Engagements & Weddings
·
7 years ago im going to be a matron of honor? i want to surprise the bride and groom with something special i was going to do the cake but now im not cuz someone else is going to be doing it i need unique ideas Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Katey Lv
7 7 years ago Favorite Answer Weddings are NO time for surprises. It's the most planned for day in their lives and surprises wont be appreciated.
Why dont you get them something they can enjoy together. A night of their choice at a local hotel... a meal they wouldn't normally splurge on for their next date... etc. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Rosalie Lv
7 7 years ago Honestly, the LESS surprise the better.
Trying to do something that isn't in the plan can more likely cause more panic than joy, and the most typical thing to have happen is a fiasco - in my experience.
I hate to be a killjoy, but the solemn fact is that the more you can help things go according to what the bride and groom have in mind, the more they will appreciate it. And the more effort you have to put into doing something they don't expect, the more risk you take of that not happening. 0 5 0 Login to reply the answers Post planner Lv
7 7 years ago by "do the cake" do you mean that you were going to actually make the cake?
if that is the case, then may we assume that this is a low budget wedding? if that is the case, then the best thing you can do for them is to save as much money as possible and put it into a great card and give it to them on their wedding day. or find out what their honeymoon plans are and have a beautiful goody basket sent to their room or even privately pay for some of the services at the spa or if you can afford it, for the honeymoon suite itself. as the other two posters said, don't try to add anything into their wedding plans as a surprise. that may just end up throwing a monkey wrench into a carefull planned wedding.
you might wish to give them a great bridal shower and bacherlorette party for her, and if they are doing a self catered wedding, ask the brides mother is there is anything you can make for it, but don't try to deam up anything on your own. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post BeatriceBatten Lv
7 7 years ago If you're willing and able to do so, plan a bridal shower and maybe a bachelorette party.
Other than that - I agree with Rosalie. Don't attempt to surprise them with something for their wedding, because they may have set ideas of what they want and they may be really disappointed if you show up with a cake that they don't like (for example).
Let them pick out what they want. If you are really intent on surprising them with something, then do something like go to the florist and arrange to pay their flower bill as a gift. Don't just order a bunch of flowers for them that they may not even want or like.
Your intentions are really nice, but be VERY careful when surprising someone. 0 2 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Bridal 7 years ago You can have breakfast delivered to them the next morning since they will be exhausted after the wedding. They will appreciate the gesture and the romantic time you provided. 0 1 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? 9 answers (Trigger warning) Was I raped...? 23 answers Is it a good idea to ask a girl at work to go to a wedding with me? I've known her a long time and have hung out with her outside of work.? 8 answers My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? 6 answers I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? What is the average age to get engaged in the UK? Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? Is it bad luck when fiancé (guy) takes back the engagement ring he gave you after a heated argument then returns it to you after making up? My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites