I need help with toast/speech ideas as the matron of honor.? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products Fran E Fran E
asked in
Family & Relationships Engagements & Weddings
·
1 decade ago I need help with toast/speech ideas as the matron of honor.? Matron of honor for my cousin who is like a little sister to me. Answer Save 5 Answers Relevance Mighty 1 decade ago Favorite Answer http://www.freeweddingspeech.com/ 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post debora 4 years ago well, you said no jewelry, but a watch is always fun! Stylish and you can have it engraved with a special message from you! What about a giftcard to Victoria's secret or Bath & Body Works? Girls love that stuff and can use it to pamper themselves! Or what about a gift certificate for a pedicure or manicure? or you could buy them tickets to an up coming concert, play, or sports game. What about a cute small travel case for a "weekend trip". Your favorite book about all things girly A magazine subscription to Lucky, In Style, Us Weekly, Everyday with Rachel Ray, Real Simple Magazine, or your favorite magazine (this is super cheap because they usually offer discounts when you go to the website or use the postcards inside the magazines themselves) Fruit from Harry And David a tanning salon package A new purse or wallet with a letter inside from you. I can go on... just ask! Good luck! 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago Just say what is in your heart. If she is your best friend she will love anything that you say. Put something really special or funny in your speech from an old memory or something that recently happened. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post PrinCipeSSa ItaLiAnA 1 decade ago well funny speeches always work. Try to think of something funny that happened in the past, or something good that she wouldnt mind you saying. Just say whats in your heart. good luck. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in EW 1 decade ago Hello Everyone... For those of you who don't know me, my name is Kate Histon and on behalf of the Bride and Groom, I’d like to welcome you to the wedding.
I have the distinction of serving as Maid of Honor and I would like to take this opportunity to say “Thanks” to Amy for asking me to stand beside her today as she married Mike.
(Look at Mike) And to Mike, I would like to say, "You're right, you did clean up quite well for the occasion. You have my approval". In all seriousness, I couldn’t be happier for the two of you.
Amy and I have been best friends our whole lives. I must say, I always thought that it might be difficult for Amy to find a man who could live up to her standards. Then she met Mike and he definitely lives up to them - or, maybe she met him and got rid of her standards. I'm not certain which it is. (pause for laughter, Kate)
In any case, Mike has proven himself to be a great guy and Amy is very happy in her relationship with him. That fact is obvious to anyone who sees them together. And let's face it, any man who can put up with the kind of friendship that Amy and I have - our long telephone conversations, shopping excursions and occasional overspending...(Look at Amy) (Sorry Amy, I thought Mike knew about that)...
Nevertheless, anyone who can withstand all of that, is definitely okay in my books. .......... Amy, throughout the years, I have been blessed with your friendship. (Look at Amy) You've been that one rare friend in my life who has always been there - with me, beside me...ever present...solid and dependable, forever seeing the lighter side, providing me with perspective, as only you can. We have certainly been through a lot together...I do remember the time
.......... Congratulations Amy and Mike, and I hope you continue on the path...
here is an example, edit it and there is your speech 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? 9 answers (Trigger warning) Was I raped...? 23 answers Is it a good idea to ask a girl at work to go to a wedding with me? I've known her a long time and have hung out with her outside of work.? 8 answers My boyfriend and I want to marry each other but haven't discussed a timeline? 6 answers I am a female marrying a man, but I don't want to wear a dress. Mother is trying to ruin the wedding over this? 15 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions Can anybody find me somebody to love? how would I make a really good maid of honour speech for my sister and her abusive boyfriend? Do uncles and aunts have the right to snatch phones from their nephews/neices in family gatherings? What is the average age to get engaged in the UK? Wedding on a beach, yes or no? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites