How to deal with an old sexual assault involving relatives? | Yahoo Answers Home Mail News Sports Finance Celebrity Style Movies Weather Mobile Ask Sign in Mail All Categories Arts & Humanities Beauty & Style Business & Finance Cars & Transportation Computers & Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education & Reference Entertainment & Music Environment Family & Relationships Food & Drink Games & Recreation Health Home & Garden Local Businesses News & Events Pets Politics & Government Pregnancy & Parenting Science & Mathematics Social Science Society & Culture Sports Travel Yahoo Products militarywife militarywife
asked in
Family & Relationships Other - Family & Relationships
·
1 decade ago How to deal with an old sexual assault involving relatives? I told my husband of two years that I was Sexually assaulted by several relatives when I was 7 years old.
He's the only person who I have ever told.
He now wants to know who it was.
The thing is that two of my older brothers are involved and I'm scared that my family will be destroyed if anyone finds out?
Two others are my cousins.
What should I do and what should I say to my concerned husband? Answer Save 6 Answers Relevance tjdepere2003 Lv
6 1 decade ago Favorite Answer HOLY Cow.
Go see an experienced consulor conversant with such situations.
Yes, because supressed memory is a very difficult legal concept. You will cause much family discord throughout the relationships by open conversation with other family members. You will need to understand why at this date you want to disgorge this charge now in your life. You need to talk this through with a neutral person and your husband is not neutral. Get started now with the resolution for yourself--no one else till later. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Bill Lv
6 1 decade ago i'm in somewhat of the same situation.
My wife still, 12 years later, will not tell me who it was because it was one of her uncles and she thinks I would try to kill him.
(she's right too)
I think the person you need to be talking to is a counselor who has some experience in sexual abuse work.
Your husband loves you, and wants to protect you, but unless he's a cop or a psychiatrist he's probably not trained to handle that sort of thing.
Nat has been getting counseling and it seems to be helping her.
I'm hoping you will do the same.
To husband, trust me you are better off not knowing exactly who.
Just get her the help, be there for her and support her.
Tearing up the family won't do any good, and you can't prove it.
If she gets to the point where she wants to bring it in the open, that has to be her decision.
One last thing.
If you have any young children of your own, you must NOT trust them around these relatives.
Child molesters don't stop molesting if they get the chance.
If you do have to have your children around them, take them aside privately and tell them that if ANYTHING happens to your kids you will go to the cops and tell them where to find the mutilated corpses of the persons responsible.
You get the idea. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post izak Lv
4 4 years ago once you're squicked out via what Gramps did, then via all potential do no longer bypass over there. this is stable that your mothers and dads are helping you in this, yet is there any way which you will make certain your Grandma on a one-on-one foundation? apparently your grandfather has some psychological subject concerns that led to him to do what he did, yet that would not make it suited. it is your physique, and in case you're no longer soft being around somebody who did something like what your Grandpa did, whether he wasn't in his real techniques while he did it, then you definitely do no longer ought to be around that individual, no rely what absolutely everyone tells you. As on your question of the thank you to recover from it, possibly conversing on your make certain(s) approximately it would help, or perhaps some counseling sessions. possibly engaged on forgiving your grandfather (yet no longer forgetting or ignoring what he did) will help you have the potential to make certain him by compassionate eyes, and be with him as he a protracted time and ultimately passes...yet back, in case you're no longer soft, do no longer do it. stable luck. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Alejandro 1 decade ago You're an adult now, so this choice is strictly up to you. Do what you feel is the "right thing".
But I will say this:
If this happened to me, I wouldn't care if it tore my family apart. *They* obviously didn't care very much about their family situation when they sexually assaulted a family member.
And if I was a member of your family, I would want to know if someone did that to you and who it was. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post How do you think about the answers? You can sign in to vote the answer. Sign in Beyond Lv
4 1 decade ago Look, you really need help. You should talk to someone about this, and if you don't want to tell your husband, then don't. Just say that you don't want to talk about it. If he really loves you, he won't press it and he'll understand. Good luck, stay safe, and be careful. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Anonymous 1 decade ago call the policia. 0 0 0 Login to reply the answers Post Still have questions? Get your answers by asking now. Ask Question + 100 Join Yahoo Answers and get 100 points today. Join Trending Questions Trending Questions What should you do if your husband keeps calling your teenage son gay, prompting him to angrily call him a tranny in retaliation? 12 answers Why do you think Christianity and religion are both declining so heavily in America? 13 answers Can people have sex at walt disney world hotels? 9 answers What should you do if your dad just told all your classmates that he still thinks you're a probably a closeted lesbian? 6 answers Are there Marriages/Relationships that don't end in death? 7 answers Answer Questions Answer Questions How to cope with always feeling lonely? do these 2 look ok together? Is he stupid? My friend said “it’s conversation or nothing” what does that mean? How would you feel if a guy said he’s 99.9% sure he doesn’t want a threesome? Now I don’t want one so knowing there’s a 1% still bothers me? Terms ・ Privacy ・ AdChoices ・ RSS ・ Help About Answers ・ Community Guidelines ・ Leaderboard ・ Knowledge Partners ・ Points & Levels Send Feedback ・ International Sites